REFINITIV STREETEVENTS

EDITED TRANSCRIPT
HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

EVENT DATE/TIME: MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM GMT

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

C O R P O R A T E  P A R T I C I P A N T S
Leslie Iltgen Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Head of Investor Relations

Carsten Knobel Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Marco Swoboda Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business Solutions and Member of the Management Board

C O N F E R E N C E  C A L L  P A R T I C I P A N T S
Guillaume Delmas UBS AG - Analyst

Fulvio Cazzol Berenberg Bank - Analyst

Rashad Kawan Morgan Stanley - Analyst

Tom Skyes Deutsche Bank - Analyst

Patrick Folan Barclays Corporate & Investment Bank - Analyst

P R E S E N T A T I O N
Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Henkel conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to hand over to Leslie Iltgen, Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Leslie Iltgen - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning to everyone here on the call. A warm welcome to everyone joining Henkel's Q1 2025 results conference call today.
I'm Leslie Iltgen, Head of Henkel's Investor Relations. Today, I'm joined by our CEO, Carsten Knobel, and our CFO, Marco Swoboda.

Carsten will begin with an overview of the key developments and highlights in the first quarter. Marco will follow with a more detailed review of
the financial performance. As always, following the presentation, we will open up the lines and Carsten and Marco will be happy to take your
questions.

Before handing over to Carsten, please let me remind you that this call will be recorded and a replay will be made available on our Investor Relations
website shortly after this call. By asking a question during the Q&A session, you agree to both the live broadcasting as well as the recording of your
question, including salutation to be published on our website.

Also, please be reminded that this presentation contains the usual formal disclaimer in regard to forward-looking statements within the meaning
of relevant US legislation. It can also be accessed via our website at henkel.com. As always, the presentation and discussion are conducted subject
to this disclaimer.

With this, it is my great pleasure to hand over to our CEO, Carsten Knobel. Carsten, please go ahead.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Thanks, Leslie, and a warm welcome also from my side to everyone joining our conference call today. And as always, we do appreciate your interest
in our company, and we look forward to answering your questions. After walking you through the key developments of the first quarter, we will
elaborate on Henkel's business performance and the full year outlook in more detail.

2

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

So let me move straight to the key topics and the highlights of the first quarter. Our first quarter top line came in softer, in line what we had indicated
in our full year call in March. On Group level, Henkel recorded a minus 1% organic net sales growth. Our consumer business reported minus 3.5%
and thus came in within the expected range, also reflecting high prior year comparables due to strong innovation launches in the first half of 2024.

Pricing continued to be positive. Volume development was in the negative territory, reflecting muted consumer sentiment; customer destocking,
particularly in the US, as well as supply chain challenges, which, in the meantime, we have mainly solved.

We also succeeded in closing the divestment of our Retailer Brands business in North America earlier than initially anticipated. And with that, we
concluded our strategic portfolio optimization program, which we had announced early 2022.

Adhesive Technologies delivered organic net sales growth of plus 1.1% for the first quarter despite the negative working day impact, which accounts
for slightly more than 1 percentage point. So adjusted for this working day impact, organic sales growth would have been above 2%. Also, we saw
a good balance between volumes and pricing both being in positive territory.

In addition, we also saw strong margins of both gross profit and EBIT, which is quite encouraging to see. And despite the fact that we are operating
in an environment that has become significantly more challenging since the beginning of the year, our outlook for 2025 remains unchanged. We
expect a top line acceleration in the course of the year and thus a stronger second half and bottom line well within our guidance range.

And with that, let us take a closer look at some of the highlights across the Group. We started the year with strong gross and EBIT margins. In regard
to capital allocation, we continue to build on M&A as an integral part of our strategy with a promising and a well-filled pipeline. And in addition,
we are also just about to start our new share buyback of up to EUR1 billion, which we plan to conclude by Q1 2026, at the latest.

In Adhesive Technologies, our strong global footprint and leading market positions enhanced the continued strong performance, in particular in
electronics and industrials. In Consumer Brands, we are keeping up with strong investments behind our brands and innovations, while further
expanding our global footprint.

For example, by closing geographical white spots to fuel growth with particular focus on our top brands. Particularly now, as we have successfully
closed the Retailer Brands divestments earlier than initially expected, we can focus even more on the top branded products in North America,
supported by tech-driven innovations to enhance valorization. And as you can see, we are continuously driving our businesses along clear strategic
priorities to fuel further profitable growth.

Now taking a closer look at what the main growth drivers are currently, Electronics and Industrials clearly stand out. And what is driving this? In
Electronics, which showed double-digit growth in the first quarter, we see a strong surge in demand for high-performing components, fueling
market growth and increasing the need for innovative solutions.

A good example is the AI-driven PC market, which is expected to more than double in size by 2028 and which drives growth in the semiconductor
packaging. Another good example are growth opportunities we see in the area of Consumer Devices such as smartphone cameras. By 2030, the
number of smartphone cameras is expected to grow by more than 20% unlocking new opportunities in bonding and in sealing.

Looking at Industrials, where we saw strong growth in Q1, we continue to outperform markets across different segments, building on the strong
portfolio of customer-centric solutions we have. In Aviation, for instance, we are currently expanding capacities in our certified production plant
in Spain in light of high order backlog in the industry. The aviation market is expected to grow in the high single-digit percentage range in the next
years.

Another example in Industrials is Data and Telecom. The market is anticipated to grow high single-digit over the next years, particularly driven by
the continued expansion of data centers with advanced thermal requirements.

Moving to the next slide. I would like to share one specific example from the steel industry as to how we create competitive advantage with
innovative solutions in our Industrials business. With our Metal Coil business, we are serving end markets like building construction and household

3

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

appliances early on in the value chain. Here, hexavalent chromium was long seen as the only option to prevent corrosion on metal. However, it
requires specialized safety measures resulting in higher operational efforts.

As the first to the market, we developed hex-chrome free technologies under our Bonderite brand that deliver best-in-class corrosion resistance
while prioritizing worker safety and the environment. Building on our clear competitive edge, we are driving our customers’ transition to new
advanced technologies. Today, we are the global market leader for hex-chrome free technologies for the steel industry underpinned by a portfolio
of 13 granted patents to date.

Our strong know-how and our close customer collaboration is reflected in our excellent performance. We have been outperforming the market
and delivering a double-digit growth over the past 4-years with these innovative solutions.

Now turning to our Consumer Brands. I would like to walk you through the excellent progress we have made thus far in transforming the business
while significantly improving the quality of the business across multiple dimensions ever since we went live with the merger in early 2023.

This is the largest transformation at Henkel over the past decade. We changed the organizational setup of the business, actively shaped our portfolio
by executing the portfolio optimization program, which, in the meantime, has been successfully concluded, and we are currently working heavily
to finalize the supply chain optimization measures.

These measures already led to a much better mix, significant efficiency gains and savings, which came in faster and are even higher than what we
had originally anticipated. While at the same time, we are investing clearly more behind our brands, including marketing spend and R&D.

And being even more specific and talking in numbers. We saw an average 4.5% organic sales growth over the last 2-years. Sales remained more
or less stable in absolute numbers despite the fact that we divested our business in Russia and executed the portfolio optimization program, which
in total accounted for around EUR2 billion in sales.

We were able to increase the gross margin of the business significantly by 1,100 basis points. We increased our investment in marketing and R&D
significantly. And at the same time, we were able to increase the adjusted EBIT margin by 520 basis points.

Also, net working capital improved significantly by [290 basis points] (corrected by company after the call) ever since we announced the merger.
To be fair, we are still not satisfied with the volume development, and thus, top line growth. However, with these steps, we have significantly
improved the quality of the business and thus, laid the foundation for solid sustainable and profitable growth going forward towards our mid-term
ambition.

With a more focused portfolio, particularly on branded products and tech-driven innovations, the continued valorization process and the optimized
cost structures we are getting closer and closer to our mid-term ambition.

However, we had to work on getting better first and improve our portfolio and profitability overall, which now allows us to reinvest into the business
even more and driving getting bigger and continue to grow the business going forward. But we want to achieve that in a sustainable, balanced
and in a healthy way without cutting back on investment behind our brands. We can now build on the achieved milestones and are clearly committed
to our mid-term ambition calling for 3% to 4% organic sales growth and an adjusted EBIT margin in the mid-teens percentage range.

Now turning to our top brands. We continue to see strong growth momentum among our top 10 brands in the portfolio, which in the meantime
have increased to around 60% of our sales ever since we divested the retailer branded business in North America.

These brands have been continuously outperforming organic sales growth of the business unit by around 400 basis points over the past two years.
As in the past, we built on a strong innovation track record also in 2025 and expect more impactful launches in the quarters to come and beyond.
Among others, our pipeline includes launches under our top brands, such as ‘all’ in North America, Persil, Bref, Somat, in the second half of 2025.

4

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Of course, all our innovations aim to bring additional benefits to our consumers and to capture additional category growth. With these top brands
and tech-driven innovations, we are bringing to the market, we continue to drive the valorization of our portfolio.

And to give you a clear feasible example, Perwoll in the meantime, is the number 1 brand in the fabric care market globally and a great example
for successful brand development with more than 20% growth over the past three years. Under Perwoll, we have different formulations, and just
recently, we launched the first fabric care product for all light colors, including white colors based on our innovative triple renew technology.

This superior technology removes grayness, smoothens fibers and provides a premium long-lasting scent. We saw market share gains of more than
100 basis points year-to-date 2025 in fabric care. With new country rollouts, we fill geographical white spots, and further expand our global footprint.

Another feasible example in Hair is our number one Masterbrand Schwarzkopf, in the meantime, accounting for more than EUR1 billion of sales.
It is an excellent example of how we successfully leverage our hair expertise across the Consumer and the Professional business that we have in
our portfolio with tech-driven innovations.

Within our Masterbrand Schwarzkopf, the Consumer part – comprising the categories, color, care and styling – recorded above 6% growth over
the last three years. Let's take a closer look at an innovation we just recently launched.

Cream Supreme. Cream Supreme is the first caring coloration with an innovative bonding technology referred to as bonding haptiq system. This
technology protects the hair from being damaged during the entire coloration process and ensures beautiful, luminous and even color results at
home. The launch was supported by a strong marketing campaign and hence, contributed to strong organic net sales growth of in our Hair Consumer
business in Q1.

Now turning to our 2025 outlook. Despite the fact that we are operating in an environment that has become significantly more challenging since
the beginning of the year, our outlook for 2025 remains unchanged. Expecting 1.5% to 3.5% organic net sales growth and adjusted EBIT margin
of 14% to 15.5% and a low to high single-digit percentage increase in our adjusted EPS at constant exchange rates.

We also still expect a stronger second half of the year. Among the main drivers are the following. In Adhesive Technologies, we expect an acceleration
of top line performance supported by better mix and the partial reversal of the negative working day impact in the second half.

In Consumer Brands, we have a well-filled innovation pipeline with stronger top line contributions expected in the second half of the year while
investments in marketing and R&D remain on elevated levels. Also, the supply chain related topics have been mainly resolved already in the
meantime. Furthermore, we see our more recent acquisitions contributing in both businesses, including first benefits from the early closing of the
Retailer Brands divestment in Consumer Brands. Beyond these drivers, we are well underway to achieve the given margin guidance range.

And with that, let me hand over to Marco for some more details on our financial performance in the first quarter. So Marco, please.

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business Solutions and Member of the Management
Board

Yeah. Thanks, Carsten. And good morning to everyone in the call also from my side. So building on what Carsten already shared, let me provide
some more color on the drivers of the Group sales performance in the first three months of fiscal 2025. Organic sales growth came in at minus 1%
in the first quarter and thus reflected a softer start into the year, in line with what we had indicated in our full year call in March. On Group level,
pricing contributed with plus 1.4%, while volumes were below prior year, more on the business unit specifics, like always, in a minute.

Acquisitions and divestments increased sales by 1.1%, particularly driven by the recently closed acquisitions of Seal for Life and Vidal Sassoon.
However, for the full year, we still expect a low single-digit negative impact on sales, mainly driven by the divestment of our Retailer Brands business
in North America.

5

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

FX effects were a headwind of 1.4% in Q1. And given the reasonably weaker dollar, we expect the headwind to accelerate in the course of the year.
In nominal terms, sales amounted to EUR5.2 billion, that's 1.4% below the prior year quarter.

And now turning to the drivers in the respective regions in more detail. Starting with Asia Pacific, where we achieved good organic sales growth
of plus 3.6%. The Adhesive Technologies business contributed with a significant increase, which was particularly driven by the continued growth
dynamics of our Electronics business in China.

In contrast, the Consumer Brands business was below prior year quarter, also reflecting supply chain challenges, as communicated previously.
India-Middle East-Africa grew by 4.6% with contributions from both business units. And in Latin America, we achieved growth of 1.5%.

Consumer Brands came in below prior year mainly due to Laundry & Home Care and the supply chain challenges, while Hair recorded very strong
growth. In Adhesive Technologies, we recorded very strong growth, mainly supported by double-digit increase in mobility and electronics.

And moving on to Europe, where sales were below the prior year quarter in both business units. In Adhesive Technologies, this was mainly due to
Craftsmen, Construction & Professional. In Consumer Brands, Laundry & Home Care was down year-on-year, while Hair showed a good development.

In North America, sales declined by 5.6% in an overall challenging environment. In Adhesive Technologies, this was primarily due to the negative
development of Mobility & Electronics impacted by the overall development in the automotive market, also reflected in a negative light vehicle
production index of minus 8% for the region, i.e., North America, in the first quarter as well as Packaging & Consumer Goods also impacting our
sales in North America.

And in line with expectations, the development in Consumer Brands reflected the subdued consumer sentiment, customer destocking and the
overall increased uncertainty in the region. Ultimately, the development in North America materially affected the overall performance of both
business units.

So now back to the global level and starting with Adhesive Technologies. We reached sales of EUR2.7 billion in the first quarter. Organic sales
growth was 1.1% backed by a balanced price and volume mix. And this despite the negative working day impact, which accounted for slightly
more than 1 percentage point in the first quarter. Overall, Adhesive Technologies showed a very robust development in a challenging market
environment. Pricing remained robust, which clearly shows the strength of our market position and the portfolio.

Volume development was also in the positive territory and adjusted for the pronounced impact of more than 1 percentage point, resulting from
a lower number of working days in the first quarter, OSG would have been above 2%. As Carsten mentioned earlier, we expect top line performance
to accelerate in the course of the year, leading to a stronger second half, particularly driven by volumes, while pricing is expected to remain flattish
and thus robust.

Let me now turn to the performance in the individual business areas where we saw different dynamics. Mobility & Electronics was again the main
growth driver with a plus of 3.1%. This increase was mainly driven by double-digit growth in Electronics and strong growth in Industrials. This could
more than offset the muted performance of Automotive.

Packaging & Consumer Goods recorded a slightly negative development. Packaging was supported by an ongoing recovery in demand, while
performance in Consumer Goods was slightly below prior year, also reflecting softer markets. Craftsmen, Construction & Professional delivered
organic sales growth of 0.4%. This was particularly driven by good development in Consumers & Craftsmen as well as Construction.

Now moving to Consumer Brands. The business generated sales of EUR2.5 billion. Organic sales growth was minus 3.5%, and thus, within the
expected range and reflecting high prior year comparables due to strong innovation launches in the first half of 2024.

Please note that in 2025, top line contribution from innovation launches will be more skewed towards the second half. Pricing was positive at 2%.
And as communicated previously, volume development was in the negative territory, reflecting muted consumer sentiment, customer destocking
and supply chain challenges.

6

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Continued positive pricing reflects the ongoing valorization of our portfolio with strong innovations and sustained elevated marketing investments.
As mentioned, volume development reflects the subdued consumer sentiment and customer destocking, particularly in the US, as well as supply
chain challenges, which, in the meantime, we have mainly solved.

As you know, this includes issues in the production side in Mexico, the change of provider in China in the course of the Vidal Sassoon integration
with which we had doubled our sales in the country. We expect the volume development to sequentially improve in particular in the second half,
supported by the fact that the supply chain challenges will have been resolved and a high sales contribution from innovation launches in the
second half. Last, but not least, we will continue with our strong investments behind our brands to fuel further growth.

And now looking at the performance by business area. Laundry & Home Care reported organic sales growth of minus 4.1%. Laundry Care was
negative due to Fabric Cleaning, while Fabric Care continued to deliver very strong growth with strong contribution from our top Fabric Care brand
Perwoll. Home Care delivered good growth, driven by significant growth in the dishwashing category with strong contributions from our key
brands Pril and Somat. Growth in Hair, which comprises both the Professional and the Consumer business, remained below prior year levels.

The Professional business was impacted by the muted consumer sentiment and consequently, less salon traffic, particularly in North America. In
contrast, the Hair Consumer business delivered positive growth, mainly driven by Coloration and Styling with strong contribution from our
Megabrand Schwarzkopf as well as Syoss.

In Other Consumer Businesses, the growth remained below prior year's levels due to Body Care in North America and Europe. Now looking at macro
expectations for fiscal 2025. In line with what we already told you in March, we see an increasingly volatile economic and geopolitical environment.
As a result, several research institutes across the globe have lowered their growth expectations in regard to both industrial and also consumer
markets.

The global economy is expected to only grow at a more moderate pace in 2025. Amongst others, industrial production index and light vehicle
production expectations have been lowered. Also, consumer spending is expected to be more muted versus the expectations at the beginning of
the year, reflecting the generally subdued sentiment and the overall high uncertainty, in particular in North America.

Inflation is expected to remain on elevated levels. And when it comes to currencies, we expect markets to remain highly volatile, also as a result of
the current tariff implementations. The same also holds true for raw material prices.

While we consider the direct impact from tariffs as manageable due to the fact that we source and produce the vast majority domestically, and
this is true for both business units, the indirect impact on the overall economy remains uncertain.

Looking at the US, for instance, this applies to around 90% of materials that we source and finished goods we produce. Besides the fact that we
have already accounted for the high volatility with relatively wide guidance ranges, we are already implementing countermeasures in regard to
sourcing and pricing to mitigate the impact. Of course, we will continue to monitor the situation closely.

Closing this chapter with our outlook for fiscal 2025, which remains unchanged. Despite the fact that we are operating in an environment that has
become significantly more challenging since beginning of the year, we continue to expect organic sales growth of 1.5% to 3.5% for the Group.

For Adhesive Technologies, we guide 2% to 4%. And in Consumer Brands, we guide for 1% to 3%. In terms of phasing, we anticipated a slower start
to 2025. However, we expect organic sales growth to accelerate in the course of the year, leading to a stronger second half of fiscal 2025 versus
the first half.

This holds true for both business units. For the adjusted EBIT margin, we continue to anticipate a level of 14% to 15.5% on Group level backed by
already strong performance in the first quarter. For Adhesive Technologies, we expect 16% to 17.5% and for Consumer Brands, 13.5% to 15%.

And for adjusted EPS growth at constant currencies, we continue to expect an increase in the low to high single-digit percentage range. Our
expectations regarding FX, A&D, direct material prices, restructuring expenses and CapEx for fiscal 2025 remain unchanged. Although, as already

7

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

mentioned earlier, we do see a high level of volatility, in particular when it comes to currencies and here, we expect the headwind that we see in
Q1 to accelerate in the course of the year.

And with that, back to you, Carsten.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Thank you, Marco. So let me summarize today's key takeaways. Our first quarter results came in below prior year levels, in line with what we had
indicated in our full year call in March. Pricing contributed positive in both business units. Our Consumer business reported a minus 3.5% and thus,
came in within the expected range, also reflecting high prior year comparables due to strong innovation launches in the first year of 2024.

Pricing continued to be positive. Volume development was in the negative territory, reflecting muted consumer sentiment and customer destocking,
particularly in the US, as well as the supply chain challenges, which in the meantime have been mainly solved.

Adhesive Technologies delivered organic sales growth of plus 1.1% for the first quarter, despite the negative working day impact, which accounts
for slightly more than 1 percentage point. Adjusted for this working day impact, organic sales growth would have been above 2%. Also, we saw a
good balance between volumes and pricing both being in positive territory.

In the meantime, we also succeeded in closing the divestment of our retailer branded business in North America earlier than initially anticipated.
And with that, we concluded our strategic portfolio optimization program, which we had announced early 2022.

In addition, we also saw strong margins, both gross profit and EBIT, which is quite encouraging to see. And despite the fact that we are operating
in an environment that has become significantly more challenging since the beginning of the year, our outlook for 2025 remains unchanged. We
expect top line acceleration in the course of the year and for the stronger second half and bottom line, well within our guidance range.

And with this, let us move on to the Q&A. Marco and I are looking forward to taking your questions, as always.

Q U E S T I O N S  A N D  A N S W E R S
Operator

Thank you. Mr. Knobel (Operator Instructions).

Guillaume Delmas, UBS.

Guillaume Delmas - UBS AG - Analyst

Thank you very much and good morning Carsten and Marco. A couple of questions for me, please. The first one is on your volume growth, specifically
in Consumer Brands. Can you maybe help us unpack, I mean, all the different moving parts that affected your volumes in Q1, so like the customer
destocking, supply chain challenges, portfolio optimization.

Basically, what I'm trying to get to is on an ex one-off, ex temporary factor basis, what would volumes have been in Q1? Will it still be negative,
maybe flat? And I guess, it's just to give us a little bit of an idea of the underlying run rate for this business that should become visible from Q2?

And also on this, at the time of the full year results in early March, you were expecting volumes to be positive for the year in Consumer Brands, just
wondering if it is still the case? And then my second question on your margin guidance. You mentioned some strong growth and EBIT margin

8

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

development in Q1. Likewise, you expect strong expansion for the year. Yet, you haven't updated your 2025 margin guidance like you did in Q1
last year. So how should we reconcile this?

Are you basically saying that you're well on track to deliver towards the top end of that margin guidance at this stage, but given how volatile and
uncertain the macro is, you would rather keep for now a wide range of outcomes?

Thank you very much.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Good morning, Guillaume. So thank you for your questions. So let's get started with your volume growth question. So as pointed out, the drivers
for that volume development is, on the one side, reflected to the subdued consumer sentiment, it's particularly also to the customer destocking,
particularly in the US.

And also as you're rightly saying, as we pointed that out during our full year call related to the supply chain challenges, which, in the meantime,
and I think that's important, have been mainly solved. There will be some, and I think we also indicated that there is an impact still also in the
complete first half, and nevertheless, to a minor part because, as I said, the majority of these things have been solved.

I hope that you understand that we will not go into every detail what these individual topics have an impact. But what you can take into account
is, if you take on the one side, the market situation, I mean, the consumer sentiment; and on the other side, our supply chain challenges that this
is roughly a similar magnitude in that.

So that's for that part. You had a second part in that, which was related to the full year and the question of positive volumes, which we indicated
in our full year 2024 call in March. And there is no change on that. That means we stick to our top line guidance for Consumer Brands, which is in
the range of plus 1% to plus 3%. And our ambition in that context is also that we would like to get the volumes into slightly positive territory and
there is no change on that.

And the confidence behind that is, as we also indicated in our full year call, is the innovation pipeline for the second half of the year, which is
different to in last year, where you remember where we told you that this was front-end loaded with first half year in 2024. That's to the situation
of your first question.

Coming to the second, which is related to our profitability. And again, as Marco pointed that out and also myself, I think we are very satisfied with
our gross margin development in terms of start into the year, which is also something which we see in the course of starting into the second quarter
in terms of April results and not only gross profit, but also strong bottom line margins.

And I think you answered the question a little bit by yourself. Looking at the situation in which we are currently in, the volatility, the uncertainty,
the things which are happening, we have on purpose taken a little bit wider range at the beginning of the year. And I think that's also, I would say
that was a good decision to do that.

We said today that we will be well within that range. And I hope you understand that at that point, we will not further detail it out at this point of
time in the case of if that is at the top of that range or if we would change that range, I think it's well in that range. And that's, I think, for now, the
right statement. I hope that answers your question, Guillaume.

Operator

Fulvio Cazzol, Berenberg.

9

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Fulvio Cazzol - Berenberg Bank - Analyst

Yes, good morning and thank you for taking my two questions. The first one is on the Fabric & Home Care business in Europe, which declined in
Q1. I was just wondering if you can provide a bit more color on what the drivers of this particular region were? Because I'm just wondering, is it the
softer category or is it some market share developments have also not been favorable?

I know you've got different country exposures, but Unilever, I think, reported high single-digit growth in their European fabric cleaning business
in Q1. So I'm just trying to understand why the growth was so contrasted between the two companies?

And then I'm sorry for repeating the similar question to Guillaume, but in terms of the guidance for the rest of the year for the Consumer Brands
division, I think it implies between 2.5% to 5% organic growth for the rest of the year.

And as you highlighted during the presentation, we need to see a meaningful inflection in volume growth for the business to achieve this and
considering the consumer backdrop, which was quite subdued, I was wondering what is going to underpin this inflection? I mean is your innovation
pipeline really enough or are you also relying on a recovery in the consumer sentiment in order to achieve that level of growth for the rest of the
year?

Thank you.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Yeah, good morning, Fulvio. Thanks for your two questions. So first, to your first one, which is what's related to Fabric Home Care, specifically in
Europe. Europe recorded a negative OSG, as you pointed out, that was mainly due to a muted performance in Laundry & Home Care as well in
other consumers.

And the pressure here is on household budgets that is still visible. And hence, private label shares are still on elevated levels, in particular, in the
Laundry & Home Care business. I think that's something which is not new, that is something which is accompanying us for years and decades.

And in that context, I would say we lost also certain market shares that's correct on that, but that is also attributed to the thing I just said before.
And for sure, it's always difficult to compare the one performance of a company to the other one.

So therefore, I cannot comment what in the context of Unilever happens or not happens. But I think that is the situation. And only as a reference
point, by contrast, we saw a positive performance in Hair in Europe, in that context. So I think it's within these volatile times and critical times, there
is a shift to private label and the exposure of private label in Laundry & Home Care is stronger elsewhere in any other region related to that. That's
maybe to the first.

And to the second, as you said, it was more or less also already asked by Guillaume in that context. We continue to drive profitable growth by
launching really impactful innovation, which addresses relevant consumer needs. And I think important is, we highlighted this again, that I think
it is also important to support that with relevant investments in marketing in that context.

And we have done that in the years '23, '24 to a significant higher level. And that is something which we continue to do and to see also in the course
of 2025, which was part in Q1, and this will continue also throughout the whole year. And that is definitely a point which makes us confident that
we will reach also the context of 1% to 3%, which we have guided.

Another proof point is our top 10 performance of our top 10 brands, which significantly outperforms in terms of top line perspective. I mentioned
that more than 400 basis points better growth if you take the last couple of years in context since we have been going into the merger, which is
also valid in Q1 because you're looking for proof points why an acceleration of the top line performance can be.

10

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

The other point is definitely that we have been solving the supply chain challenges, mainly in Q1, there will be a spillover effect of certain parts in
beginning of Q2. And the other part, we are seeing customer destockings leveling out, especially in North America, which is also another, I would
say, proof point that things which will go better for the supply chain topics. We have also seen in April proof points that these things have been
solved.

You have heard Marco talking about this situation in Asia when it comes to supply chain. That is what we see with really good OSG developments
in April in that context. Same is with the destocking of customers in North America, especially in the professional area, where we have been also
seeing good growth in North America.

So a couple of points where we definitely believe that what we just said is that we are sticking to our guidance and that we have the ambition of
positive, or bring positive volumes for the full year 2025 that we are sticking to that.

For sure, it's ambitious, that's clear, but that's what we're here for, and that's what we are working on. Hope that helps.

Fulvio Cazzol - Berenberg Bank - Analyst

It does.

Operator

Rashad Kawan, Morgan Stanley.

Rashad Kawan - Morgan Stanley - Analyst

Hey, good morning, Leslie Carson and Marco. Thanks for taking my questions. First one, just obviously, clearly, the environment has changed since
you last reported, you've talked about that in your remarks in the first few questions. Can you dig into that a bit more in terms of what you're seeing
on the ground around changing consumption habits across both businesses?

And then second question, can you talk through the outlook for the different industrial end markets you're exposed to? I mean autos clearly
impacted by the uncertainty we're seeing in Electronics, very strong growth in China, in particular. Has there been a pull-through in demand ahead
of tariffs there?

And just given the uncertain environment overall and the more negative sentiment from what we’re hearing from your chemicals peers, what
gives you confidence that you can still deliver on the Adhesives guidance for the year and improve over the course of the year, like you said?

Thank you.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Good morning. So let's start again. The consumption, I think, was your point on both businesses in that context, so the overall consumer sentiment
is increasingly impacted by the global uncertainty. However, it also continues to be more robust in Europe in comparison to the US. For instance,
when we observed the salon traffic in the US, so the less salon traffic in the US. On the other side, I just made the comment of the destocking,
especially for North America that we have seen beginning of quarter two. Yes, a different level or so that the destocking is not at the same elevated
level anymore.

11

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

With our differentiated and broad-based brand and product portfolio, I think we are covering different price points. And with that, I think we are
also in a situation to make business within that, I would say, a more challenging situation and business. You also talked about the Henkel Adhesives
situation. I think maybe starting with Automotive. For sure, automotive is a very challenging situation from a market perspective.

At that point, you see that the light vehicle production is in Q1 significantly down, especially in North America, for example with a minus 8%. And
yes, we see on the other side, no particular or significant pre-shipments impacting our Adhesives business for China. So in that context, yes,
Automotive is muted.

On the other side, you have heard me talking about Electronics & Industrials where we have seen some good growth drivers in the market and
also with the results with double-digit and high growth, what we realized in Q1, we have been clearly seeing that we are not only participating,
but over proportionately participating in that and therefore, we also see no change related to that.

And maybe last point on that is the impact of working days. I talked about that the 1.1% in Q1 of Adhesive Technologies had an impact of roughly
1% point and that would have meant a top line growth in Adhesives of a good 2% and that working day impact will be reverted or is to be reverted
in the second half of the year.

So yes, and I think that also goes back to the question of Guillaume, why we are not changing anything on the guidance. I think the volatility, the
uncertainty is quite significantly out. And it's, for sure, to dealing with that. But I would like to come back to a point of our Adhesives business.

We are serving 800 industries with 100,000 customers with our 20,000 products and solutions. There is no other company in the world of adhesive
coatings and sealings who's doing that to that extent. So therefore, we are very confident and can be very proud of the business we are having.

We are the world market leader. And in that context, I think we have quite a lot of positive things, which will help us to outperform the market,
which for sure is in specific segments, maybe not the best at that point. But as I said, we are serving 800 industry segments and not everybody is
in that situation like the automotive is, for sure.

And independent of that, you also know that within automotive, we have a quite good, still good development of the electrical vehicles and I
pointed that out several times before that we are more than well positioned in that context and that is the Component business in that context.

So therefore, I would say quite a long answer now on your questions, but I wanted to give you, I would say, a kind of a background sentiment why
we believe that in both businesses we're sticking to or we're confirming our guidance in the top line 2% to 4% for Adhesive Technologies, 1% to
3% for Consumer Brands.

And also maybe the last point, you know that we have been investing in the last couple of, I would say, 15 months into infrastructure businesses
with Seal for Life and Critica Infrastructure, plus our own business. And there is definitely higher infrastructure spending in many states to be seen
what we see that's also related that we see quite good developments of our top line in these businesses currently also for the full year, and that's
also why we are well positioned in that context. Hope that answers, Rashad.

Operator

Tom Sykes, Deutsche Bank.

Tom Skyes - Deutsche Bank - Analyst

Yeah, morning, everybody. So firstly, just to confirm on what you just said on Adhesives. I wasn't quite clear. Do you think you can and you will
accelerate in Adhesives even if autos remains where it is now? And then just on Consumer.

12

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

I mean, all HPC or all staples companies are saying that H2 is going to be better, and they're all saying they've got an innovation pipeline that's
better than before, and they're all saying they're going to spend more money to do it.

So it's obviously going to be quite competitive and probably quite reliant on retailers restocking. So how much of an improvement in H2 in Consumer
is going to come, do you think, from an improved sell-out? And how much is coming from an improved sell-in? And of that sell-in, how much is an
end of North American destocking/moving into restocking for consumer, please?

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

So, Tom, good morning. I'm still looking for a question for Marco. It seems, Marco, that today is with me. Yeah, Tom, related to Henkel Adhesive
Technologies. When you're saying you're not 100% sure that you understand everything. For sure, with, and I told you, with the 1.1% in Q1, for
sure, we need to have an acceleration in the course of the year in order to get into our range of 2% to 4%, what we have been confirming today.

And in that context, I think I gave the reasons in the answer before, and I think we should not repeat everything. But again, being the world number
1, being in all industry segments across the world, Automotive is not the only segment. It's 1 out of 800.

And I've given different examples, Infrastructure, Industrials segments, Telecom and Data, the topic of Electronics, where we see not only good
size, but where we also see good results and where we have a good pipeline of products to bring that into execution. So therefore, I would say
that's very clear, despite the volatile environment and also what other things.

Consumer, I think whatever others are saying, I think we are trying to be clear on what impacted the negative results for the soft start into the year
in quarter one, which is two parts, which is market, consumer sentiment and the other part self-inflicted topics, which are related mainly to supply
chain challenges.

We said that both have a similar magnitude how that impacted Q1 that will go out. I think we have been very clear that we have solved the supply
chain challenges, mainly already in Q1. There will be still an impact in Q2 of that. As I said, there will be some spillover effects and some minor
things which still needs to be solved, but not anymore for the second half of the year.

Then I said that we have been seeing some positive signs on destocking in North America, especially when it comes to our Professional business.
And for sure, the pipeline, I can only comment now for us. We have a significantly stronger pipeline innovation-wise in H2 than in H1. Hope that
helps, Tom.

Tom Skyes - Deutsche Bank - Analyst

Yeah, no problem.

Operator

Patrick Folan, Barclays.

Patrick Folan - Barclays Corporate & Investment Bank - Analyst

Hi, good morning, Carsten, Marco, and Leslie, thanks for taking my questions. Just going back on the tougher macro comments, if the US development
continues to deteriorate as it did at the same run rate throughout Q1, would this decline offset some of the expected innovation benefits you
would have in the second half? Or would you even consider delaying any of the innovation launches due to the weaker macro?

13

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

And my second question is just on your Laundry business. Can you maybe outline what the plan is to compete with private label in the US in the
Laundry segment? Conscious, this is not just an issue for Henkel, but the wider branded manufacturers. But considering the environment is now
worse than where we were in 2024, is this something where we should see the innovation impact come from?

Thank you.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

Patrick, good morning. So starting with your second question with the Laundry situation. So what I said before when I was talking about Laundry
& Home Care and private label that especially in Europe, the private label situation is a more outspoken one in terms of that private label has a
higher share in that business and is also always the one when we come into economic critical situations that the private label shares is over
proportionately participating in that, but we also always see that this trend is going and coming back.

In US, the situation is not at the same level. And to outperform private label, I think there are only two answers, which is better innovations or which
is innovations and to have better quality on the products. And I think that's something which, for a branded business, is always the factor and in
mind, that's also related to our situation that we are significantly spending behind our business.

And to give you also a quantification of what I just said, the private label share in Europe is roughly 20% and in North America, it's a quarter of that,
so roughly 5%. So there is a different level or significantly different level of impact.

And maybe, Marco, you take the first question of Patrick, which was related to the macro environment and delay of certain things in context to Q1.

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business Solutions and Member of the Management
Board

Yeah. So maybe first, I mean, on the macro, yes, we have seen a significant decline in consumer sentiment, in particular in the US in the first quarter.
You see that in many published indices. When we look at that also historically, I think it's fair to assume that low level will not persist for the entire
year, at least that is when we look back and that has never happened to that magnitude.

So that is also why many external forecasts to indicate a much better full year than what we had seen in the first quarter. Now I understand your
question that asking whether we would revise maybe our phasing also of our in-house innovations that we bring to the market, I don't think that
is what we would do.

I mean, definitely, we want to come as soon as early and we have more or less a plan also done for the full year, when do we launch which product,
in which market and that we will pull through and then we're going to deal with the overall sentiment as we go. But there's no reason to delay any
introduction into the market.

And for sure, as Carsten said that earlier, the pipeline that is more skewed towards the second half will, of course, help to offset an overall also weak
environment. But from that point of view, we're going to deal with it going forward and the current assumption is that also the sentiment will
improve, in particular in the second half based on what we hear from external forecast and also when we look at historic patterns.

Operator

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your questions. I will now hand over to Mr. Knobel for his closing remarks.

14

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MAY 08, 2025 / 7:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q1 2025 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chairman of the Management Board

So first of all, thank you so much for dialing in and your interest in Henkel, and your questions. I fully understand the questions and for sure, the
very volatile situation. But let me only point out one point, again. I talked quite a lot about our Henkel Adhesive Technologies business, how strong
that business is. Since years since decades that we are the number 1, in that market, and that's the confidence why we will also continue to
outperform.

And the same in the meantime for me is very clear and valid for our Consumer business. You have heard me talking about that. We have been
driving, over the last two years, the biggest transformation of our company in decades. And you have seen we have been growing in the last two
years, 4.5%.

We have been significantly improving gross margins and bottom line. We are getting closer to our mid-term ambition. Yes, there is currently the
sentiment and some topics we have to solve. We will solve that. We are delivering on our strategy. And therefore, I'm also confident not only for
the mid-term, I'm also confident for the short term means for the year 2025.

I fully understand that there are still a lot of open questions, which are in the line. I hope for your understanding that we need to cut now. Nevertheless,
the team will be there immediately after the call to clarify these questions immediately. And hopefully, we see each other for our half year results
on August 7.

Thanks for dialing in. Thanks for your patience, and see you soon. Bye.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now over. Thank you for choosing Chorus Call, and thank you for participating in the conference. You
may now disconnect your lines. Goodbye.

D I S C L A I M E R

Refinitiv reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes.
In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more
specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the
assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION,
THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES REFINITIV OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
©2025, Refinitiv. All Rights Reserved. 16349828-2025-05-09T09:56:45.183

15

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2025 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.