6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call
Transcript
Aug 13, 2024 / 07:00AM GMT

Key Points
 Transcript

Q & A

Key Points
Positve

Henkel AG &amp; Co KGaA (HELKF) reported a 2.9% organic sales growth at the group level for the
first half of 2024.
The Consumer Brands business delivered a standout performance with 4.3% organic sales growth.
Adhesive Technologies achieved a 2.0% growth, driven by strong performance in the automotive sector
and recovery in electronics.
The company recorded a significant margin increase and an EPS increase, supported by portfolio
optimization and supply chain efficiencies.
Henkel AG &amp; Co KGaA (HELKF) raised its earnings guidance for the full year 2024, reflecting
strong business performance and confidence in meeting mid to long-term financial targets.

Negative

North America sales declined organically by 1.6%, impacted by ongoing portfolio measures and
challenging market conditions.
The company faced a challenging environment in the general manufacturing and maintenance business,
which remained slightly below the prior year.
Despite strong performance, the Consumer Brands business experienced muted volume growth due to
portfolio measures.
Henkel AG &amp; Co KGaA (HELKF) anticipates an increase in raw material prices in the second half of
the year, which could impact margins.
The company continues to face competitive pressures and increased promotional intensity in the consumer
business, particularly in home care.

Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Henkel conference call. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen-
only. (Operator instructions) I will now hand over to Leslie Iltgen, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Leslie Iltgen
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Head of Investor Relations

Thank you and good morning and a warm welcome to everyone joining our call at Henkel's half year
performance. I'm Leslie Iltgen, Head of Henkel's Investor Relations. Today, I'm joined by our CEO, Carsten
Knobel, and our CFO, Marco Swoboda. Carsten will begin with an overview of the key developments and
highlights in the first half.

Marco will then follow with a more detailed review of the financial performance. As always, following the
presentation, we will open up the lines and Carsten and Marco will be happy to take your questions.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 1/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

Before handing over to Carsten, please let me remind you that this call will be recorded and a replay will be
made available on our Investor Relations website shortly after this call. By asking a question during the Q&A
session, you agree to both the live broadcasting as well as the recording of your question, including solicitation
to be published on our website.

Also, please be reminded that this presentation contains the usual formal disclaimer and regard to forward-
looking statements within the meaning of relevant US legislation. It can also be accessed by our website at
henkel.com. As always, the presentation and discussion are conducted subject to this disclaimer.

With this, it is my pleasure to hand over to our CEO, Carsten Knobel. Crescent. Please go ahead.
Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Leslie, and a warm welcome also from my side to everyone here joining our conference call today.
And as always, we do appreciate your interest in our company, and we look forward to answering your
questions. And after walking you through the key developments in the first half of 2024, we will elaborate on
Henkel's business performance and the full year outlook in more detail.

So let me move straight to the key topics and the highlights of the first half. Our half year results demonstrate the
strong performance we achieved in both businesses. At group level, Henkel recorded 2.9% organic sales growth
with our consumer brands business clearly standing out delivering 4.3%. Adhesive Technologies achieved a
growth of 2.0%, very much driven by the strong performance in automotive and a continued recovery in
electronics and overall, a strong performance both versus the relevant markets.

Pricing also continued to contribute positively, volumes again improved sequentially versus Q1 2024, and
adhesives volume picked up versus Q1 despite an overall demanding environment in our consumer business, we
also reached positive levels when considering the impact from portfolio measures. We also recorded a significant
margin increase and an EPS increase.

This development was supported by benefits from the ongoing portfolio optimization, valorization and savings in
consumer brands. A positive mix impact in Adhesive Technologies as well as supply chain efficiencies in both
business units, while advancing the level of investments to fuel growth. Backed by the very strong business
performance in the first half of 2024 and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we raised our earnings
guidance in July for the full year 2024.

So looking ahead, we are also highly confident to reach the targets we have set for our mid to long-term financial
ambitions now already midterm.

With that, I would like to turn to some of the highlights in our two business units, starting with Adhesive
Technologies where growth continues to be driven largely by customer centric solutions we offer to our
customers. Our automotive business was yet again, a growth engine in the first half and the market recovery of
the electronic business, which continued throughout Q2 also contributed to the sequential volume improvements.

Beyond driving our financial performance, we are also seeking opportunities to add attractive businesses. We are
value enhancing M&A to accelerate growth. The acquisition of Seal for Life, which forms an integral pillar in
building a growth platform for the maintenance repair and overhaul business and the acquisition of the attractive
Vidal Sassoon brand in China are two good examples.

Both transactions were closed in the first half of this year and thus earlier than originally expected. And both
acquisitions are already contributing to the overall strong performance. Execution excellence is key for the
success, we are now seeing shining through more and more in the Consumer Brands business. It is key in getting
back to more growth and higher profitability levels.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 2/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
The team is doing an amazing job. The ongoing valorization of our portfolio, supported by relevant innovations
and investing behind our strong brands plays a decisive role.

Looking at our Hair category, we can clearly see that the measures we have implemented are bearing fruit. Hair
delivered a high digit organic sales growth, including positive volume growth as well as global market share
gains in styling and color. We continue to invest behind our brands, particularly the leading top 10 consumer
brands, which provide attractive growth opportunities also going forward.

The benefit from gross profit margin improvement also enables us to increase investments behind the growth.
And all in all, we are well on track and delivering on what we said we would. Turning to Adhesive Technologies
in more detail.

As you know, we are a know-how driven business, our strength and the key USP lies in customer centric
innovations. We are working together with our customers to co-develop solutions for their specific challenges.
This co-innovation is a key factor across industry.

And most importantly, it is the main reason why we continue to grow and win projects in the automotive
business, for instance, for example, we are designing platform-specific, lightweight, structural insights,
developing sustainable surface treatment and cleaner solutions adapted to OEM specific automotive production
processes and requirements.

This makes us the partner of choice for our customers and drives the market share. We will look at one very
specific example here in a minute.

Turning to sustainability. One of our key differentiators deeply rooted in our DNA. As a leader in the
sustainability transformation, we are leveraging our unique value chain position for meaningful collaborations in
order to create lasting impact across industry.

Looking at the specific example, from packaging in the consumer goods market in cooperation with two leading
players in the chemical industry, created [endow], we have achieved a 25% cradle-to-grave carbon footprint
reduction compared to legacy products.

For two of our North American flagship products for end of line packaging under the techno notebooks we are
pioneering superior bonding, sealing and coating solutions in many industries. Another example would be our
work with leading electronic key accounts to continuously advance consumer devices and semiconductor
packaging. We will add details here in the following minutes.

But before that, I would like to wrap up in highlighting the core enabler of all our activities. It is safe to say that
customer centricity and co-innovation would not be possible without our strong customer-facing team around the
globe. We are a know-how driven company, leveraging the knowledge of more than 6,500 customer facing
experts.

Coming to the examples, one of the big topics during our business is the future of mobility. We observe several
trends that shaped the industry. What I would like to highlight is the shift from individual to integrated
automotive components that is driven by the ever-growing computing power in cars.

An emerging field here is the integration of electronic control unit. What is special about this. Integrating
electronic components come with high benefit forecast irrespective of the powertrain. But at the same time, it is a
highly complex field with very specific requirements regarding thermal management.

We are one of only few players who recognize the trend early on and collaborated with leading OEMs and key
tier suppliers in developing innovative solutions. This puts us in a very unique market position and unlocks new
value potential of our business. On the one hand, the total value per component is increasing. And on the other
hand, the market is consolidating and we are part of driving this consolidation.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 3/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

I mentioned the consumer electronics industry in the beginning already. Now taking a closer look. At this field,
we see many developments that again have special requirements regarding adhesive solutions. This is, of course,
playing to our strengths of co-innovating with leading players here to bring their vision to life.

As most likely, all of us have already observed in past years in our phones, it is the trend around ever increasing
camera performance. Higher performance in this case requires module miniaturization, ensuring components fit
the phone body, our innovative solutions enable this miniaturization, especially when looking at critical precision
in manufacturing processes and solution applications.

Our strong leverage in this field driven by close customer collaboration is also reflected in our performance. We
have been outperforming the market in the past years with double-digit growth. Building our deep dives here, I
would like to circle back to the topic of sustainability.

As I mentioned earlier, we have unique collaborations spanning the value chain in consumer packaging, but with
our broad portfolio of innovative solutions, we drive sustainability in a large range of industries. Looking at a
complete different industry, construction, we see another area where we are driving critical sustainable impact in
terms of reducing CO2 emissions with our cementitious adhesives.

We are looking at an industry with great potential for innovation. The building industry accounts for around 40%
of global CO2 emissions. Here, cement plays a key role with more than 350,000 tons CO2 per year. We took on
the challenge and are transforming our portfolio of innovative, low CO2 footprint, cementitious adhesives.

With this, we significantly contribute to the decarbonization in this industry, already with the first wave of
portfolio transformation completed in core countries, we created tangible impact by enabling CO2 savings of
more than 20,000 tons, Co2 per annum really a great achievement.

Turning to our consumer brand. As I referred to a couple of minutes ago, we are driving the valorization process
of our consumer brands portfolio with relevant innovations and by significantly investing behind our strong top
brands to further improve the mix and fuel profitable growth.

Of the past quarters, we presented a couple of highlight innovations, which we rolled out to the market and
which you can already find in the shelf, such as our personnel with the new unique enzyme technology, the fabric
care product (inaudible) which we used the color of the fabric for our innovative supermarket.

However, it's not just about bringing a high number of new products to the market. All this product and
innovation address clear consumer demands and offer an added value to our customer. So it's about focusing on
the most promising brands, categories and markets, both in terms of growth and gross margins and you'll see
more of that in just a minute.

Same time, we continue to invest behind our brands, particularly the bleeding top 10 brands, which provide
attractive growth opportunities going forward. While we have already increased our investment by a double-digit
percentage number in 2023. We are further raising our marketing spend significantly also in the second half of
this year versus the first half, in order to support our innovations and to strengthen the brand equity.

It is encouraging to see that these innovations are already contributing to a significant sales momentum,
particularly of our top brands. We saw high single digit organic sales growth of our top 10 brands, which
accounted for more than 50% of sales in the first half of 2024. We have about a full pipeline of innovations, and
you will see more of them following into the market in the coming quarters.

While there is still work to be done and our portfolio optimization measures are ongoing as we speak, we are
clearly delivering what we promised and thus also confident about the mid to long term.

Looking at our Hair category, we can clearly see that the measures we have implemented are bearing fruit, Hair
https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 4/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
delivered 7% organic sales growth in the first half. This is for sure, an excellent performance, but what is even
more. We saw the fourth consecutive quarter of positive volume development, in styling and in color, we have
gained market shares on a global scale, adding 40 basis points each in half year one.

This very strong growth is also supported by both consumer and professional. Our umbrella brands, lots of
clearly stood out, delivering very strong growth in the first half. Also in here, we brought new products to the
market, which significantly contributed to the overall strong top line performance, (inaudible) is a good example
where we recorded double-digit organic sales growth in the first half following a relaunch with new house
strengthening formula.

In North America, we saw very strong organic sales growth and professional, supported by our recently launched
360 degree campaign, with well-known celebrities such as Sofia Vergara and Chris Appleton.

Turning to Laundry & Home Care, where we achieved 3% organic sales growth in the first half. Also here, we
saw above average organic sales increases of leading core brands such as (inaudible) brand, where we recently
rolled out innovations to the market.

Our leading Fabric Care brand [pebble] delivered double-digit organic sales growth in H1, fueling a plus of 120
basis points in market shares year to date in fabric care in our key market in Western Europe. This new formula,
which you can use the color of the fabric is a success and for sure underpins Henkel's technology leadership.

[Breadth] is our leading Toilet Care brand and we recently upgraded the (inaudible) range on all in one
technology with which we pioneered the market. It now comes with both an improved formulation, increasing
customer experience with 35% more fragments per flush and the sustainable packaging with 98% recycled
plastics.

Breadth also delivered double-digit organic sales growth in H1, driving global market share gains of 50 bps in
Toilet Care year to date. In parallel, we have been working stringently towards creating a winning portfolio and
driving supply chain optimization along our integration roadmap.

The portfolio measures are well on track, as of today, I can confirm that all targeted discontinuations have
already been either initiated or executed. And while we are already more or less done in our Hair category where
we clearly see the positive development I mentioned before, the focus is currently on laundry and home care.

From a regional perspective, the majority of the current portfolio measures are allocated to North America. To
give a few examples, we have discontinued some branded products in the US and at discontinuing our branded
dishwashing products in Canada.

Please note that this is leading to some distortions in volume and market share numbers. But we do expect to
have concluded the portfolio measures, particularly when it comes to discontinuation by the end of this year.
While enhancing our consumer brands portfolio, we are also driving the second integration phase, which is
focusing on the optimization of the production and supply chain with full focus.

In the meantime, we have successfully implemented the so-called 1-1-1 approach in 28 countries and the further
rollout continues as we speak. We also further optimized and consolidated our production and logistics network
worth mentioning our plant consolidations in the US and in Eastern European countries in Laundry & Home
Care.

Overall, we further reduced complexity by around 16%. This was achieved, for instance, by reducing the number
of production lines and warehouses by another 5% versus end of 2023 here.

All in all, we are well on track and have achieved further efficiency gains and savings. We are more than
confident that we will get to the targeted total savings in the amount of EUR525 million by 2026. So we did not
only achieve a strong financial performance, but also have been driving our strategic initiatives in full fourth.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 5/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

And this brings me to our outlook for the full year. Let me share some more color on the drivers behind our
recent guidance raised from July 17. We saw an overall very strong business performance in the first half of
2024, supported by both business units. With consumer brands clearly standing out. The particularly strong
performance in Consumer Brands was supported by benefits from the ongoing portfolio measures and better mix
driving strong gross margins.

And in addition, the ongoing valorization of the portfolio and the generation of savings is increasingly bearing
fruit. And at the same time, we are investing in marketing to support core brands and innovations to fuel further
profitable growth going forward.

For the full year 2024, we expect group organic sales growth to reach 2.5% to 4.5%. The adjusted EBIT margin
is expected to be in the range of 13.5% to 14.5% for the group. And for adjusted EPS, we expect an increase of
between 20% to 30% at constant currencies.

So in short, our strategy is working and Henkel is on a successful and consistent profitable growth path. We are
also highly confident to reach our mid to long-term financial ambition that we had set ourselves in 2022 now
already midterm. For the Group, we expect organic sales growth of 3% to 4%. We expect organic sales growth in
Adhesive Technologies to reach 3% to 5% and 3% to 4% in consumables.

In regard to adjusted EBIT margin, our midterm ambition calls for 16% for the Group, a high 10s percentage
number for our adhesive business and the mid-teens percentage number for our consumer business. Adjusted
EPS growth is expected in the mid to high single digit percentage territory, always at constant exchange rates,
including M&A.

We also will continue to focus on free cash flow expansion. And to wrap it up, we did not only show a strong
performance year to date, but also a confident for the full year as well as in regards to Henkel's mid-term growth
and profitability profile.

And with this, I would like to hand over to Marco, who will lead you through the financials of the first half in
more detail.
Marco Swoboda
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business Solutions and
Member of the Management Board

Thanks, Carsten, and good morning to everyone in the call, also from my side. Let me share some more color on
Henkel's business development, in the first half. We delivered good organic sales growth of 2.9%, driven by both
business units. Pricing contributed 2.5%, while volumes were in the positive territory with plus 0.4% I will get to
the drivers in just a minute.

M&A and FX had a negative effect on sales in H1. However, in line with expectations, both turned positive in
the second quarter.

In regard to M&A, the sale of our business activities in Russia had a negative impact while the recently closed
acquisitions of Seal for Life and Vidal Sassoon contributed positively. In nominal terms, sales showed a slight
decrease of 1% in H1, while being up by more than 3% in the second quarter. Group sales in the first half, again,
clearly surpassed the EUR10 billion mark reaching EUR10.8 billion.

From a regional perspective, we recorded different dynamics. Europe showed organic growth of 1.8%. And in
North America sales declined organically by 1.6%, in Adhesive Technologies, this was mainly due to the
development in packaging and consumer goods, while performance in consumer brands remained to be impacted
by the ongoing portfolio measures, and cost alluded to that already.

But it is encouraging to see that Q2 improved sequentially versus Q1 in North America. In Latin America,
https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 6/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
organically, sales remained flat. While we saw a very strong development in consumer brands, Adhesive
Technologies was impacted by a challenging environment.

EMEA recorded clear double-digit growth of plus 21% and the Asia Pacific region showed 5.5% organic sales
growth, also reflecting the continued recovery, particularly in our electronics business in China.

Let us move on to the performance of our two business units starting with Adhesive Technologies, the business
generated sales of EUR5.5 billion in the first half. In organic terms, we delivered 2% growth with pricing
showing a stable development of 0.2% and volumes clearly picking up versus the prior quarter and contributing
1.8% in the first half.

Absolute adjusted EBIT amounted to EUR933 million, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 17%. Of all, we
were able to significantly increase both the absolute adjusted EBIT and the adjusted EBIT margin despite the
overall challenging environment.

Overall, the adhesives business delivered good organic sales growth, which was particular driven by very strong
growth in mobility and electronics, despite a still overall challenging environment. We also recorded a sequential
volume increase in Q2 versus Q1, which is quite encouraging.

The negative working day impact we experienced in Q1, partially reversed in Q2 and will fully reverse over the
course of the year. Pricing overall proved to remain resilient in H1 in comparison to markets, which clearly
shows the strength of our portfolio. We also managed to significantly increase margins. Besides the robust
pricing, low input costs in the first half, better mix and supply chain efficiency gains contributed to this very
strong development. Overall, we are quite pleased with the performance of the business.

Let me turn to the performance in the individual business areas where we continue to see different dynamics.
Mobility & Electronics, again was the main growth driver with a plus of 5.3%. This increase was driven by all
businesses with electronics clearly standing out, contributing double-digit growth.

Packaging and Consumer Goods recorded an overall flattish development with packaging showing an overall
stable development and consumer goods remaining below prior year against strong comparables. Craftsmen,
Construction and professional delivered organic sales growth of 1%, particularly driven by positive growth in the
construction and consumers and Craftsmen areas.

The development in the general manufacturing and maintenance business reflects the current challenging market
environment, thus remaining slightly below the prior year. Overall, a robust performance of our Adhesive
Technologies business in comparison to our relevant markets and peers, clearly reflecting the strength of our
business portfolio.

Turning to Consumer Brands, the business generated sales of EUR5.3 billion, which translates into strong
organic sales growth of 4.3%, which was first and foremost, driven by still strong price component of more than
5%. Volumes were more muted due to the portfolio measures. The adjusted EBIT margin was clearly up to
14.3%.

Turning to the next slide, I would like to elaborate in more detail on the price volume and margin development.

The continued strong pricing also reflects the ongoing valorization of our portfolio with strong innovations and
sustained elevated marketing support, as Carsten already alluded to in his part of the presentation, volume
development showed a further slight sequential improvement versus Q4 Q1 2024.

And when adjusting for the impact from portfolio measures, which accounted for approximately 2-percentage-
points. Volumes would have been at around plus 1%, and that's clearly in the positive territory. Please note that
we still expect the effects of discontinuations on organic growth to be more front-end loaded and that we still
strive to complete the discontinuations by year end.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 7/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

The substantial margin step-up was supported by the ongoing valorization and portfolio measures leading to an
overall better mix as well as further savings from supply chain efficiency gains. At the same time, however, we
are stepping up our level of investments, particularly in marketing to strengthen our brands, support the
innovations that we are bringing to the shelf and last not least, to fuel further growth in the future.

Now turning to the performance by business area. Laundry & Home Care delivered strong organic sales growth
of 3.1% to which both Laundry Care and Home Care contributed. In laundry care, fabric cleaning and fabric care
were amongst the growth drivers. In Home Care growth was mainly fueled by Toilet Care and dishwashing in
wholesale, which comprises both the professional and consumer business, we grew by more than 7% with a
particular contribution from our consumer business.

Here, we saw double-digit growth with contribution from all categories. In professional, we recorded strong
growth in our key markets, Europe and North America. In other consumer growth was driven by our soap
business under our dial brand in the US and by deodorants across (inaudible)

Turning now to the group level again, and with regard to the components of the adjusted income statement, we
significantly increased our adjusted gross profit, now reaching 50.6% thanks to the continued strong pricing to
further compensate for the overall still elevated input and energy costs versus precrisis levels and due to a better
mix as a result of the portfolio optimization measures.

In addition, we also benefited from further savings delivering from Phase 1 and 2 of the consumer brands merger.
Marketing, selling and distribution expenses increased both in absolute terms and as percentage of sales,
particularly due to the step-up in marketing spend in the Consumer Brands business in order to strengthen brand
equity.

As a result at a level of EUR3 billion, marketing, selling and distribution expenses accounted for 27.6% of sales.
Research and development and admin expenses were also higher with their relative impact increasing slightly to
2.8% and 5.3% respectively.

Other operating income and expenses were more or less flat compared to prior year, and with that had a rather
neutral impact as a percentage of sales. As a result, the adjusted EBIT margin showed a very strong increase by
340 basis points to 14.9%.

Moving on to the bridge from reported to adjusted EBIT at close to EUR1.5 billion. The reported EBIT was up
by more than 70% compared to the previous year level. One-time expenses of EUR31 million are mainly related
to the acquisition and divestment related costs as well as IT integration costs in the context of the consumer
brands, merger.

Restructuring charges amounted to EUR110 million and were thus lower than in the first six months of 2023,
with the majority related to the merger of our consumer business and the supply chain optimization measures of
Phase 2 as well as the discontinuation of business activities in Venezuela, resulting in a noncash charge for the
half year.

As a result, adjusted EBIT came in at around EUR1.6 billion, an increase of almost 30% compared to the prior
year period. Taking a closer look at the bridge that leads to the adjusted EPS. The adjusted financial result
amounted to around minus EUR33 million, and that's slightly improved compared to the prior year, mainly due
to lower net debt levels.

The adjusted tax rate was at 25.5% and thus on prior year level. And finally, adjusted net income after minorities
came in at nearly EUR1.2 billion and this translates into adjusted earnings per preferred share of EUR2.78 and
represents a significant increase by 30.5% year over year or at constant exchange rates and increase by even
32.9% on to our key cash KPI's net working capital as a percentage of sales further improved by 90 basis points
to a level of 5.2%.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 8/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

This development was mainly driven by lower inventory levels. We improved our free cash flow to around
EUR772 million in the first half, reflecting the continued strong free cash flow, supported by an increase in
earnings. Our net debt amounted to around minus EUR1.4 billion, and this development was mainly driven by
cash outflows for the recently closed acquisitions as well as for the dividend.

Overall, an excellent financial foundation, which gives us ample room to further invest in measures to accelerate
growth. Now based on the strong performance in the first half and our confidence for the remainder of the year,
we increased our earnings guidance for 2024 in July. Carsten already alluded to the drivers earlier.

We continue to expect organic sales growth of 2.5% to 4.5% on group level. And for Adhesive Technologies, we
guide 2% to 4%. And in Consumer Brands, we guide for 3% to 5%. Our adjusted EBIT margin expectations
were increased on July 17 and as follows now. For the Group we now expect 13.5% to 14.5%, and while we still
guide for 16% to 17% for our adhesives business, we have raised our outlook for consumer brands to 13% to
14%.

Breaking it down to adjusted EPS expectations at constant currencies, we increased our guidance range from
previously plus 15% to plus 25%. Now plus 20% to plus 30%. The guidance still considers the anticipated
increase in prices for raw materials in the second half of the year and also stronger increase in investments in
marketing to support innovations in the Consumer Brands business unit in H2.

Our expectations in regard to FX, acquisitions and divestments, direct material prices, restructuring expenses and
CapEx for fiscal 2024 remain unchanged. So overall, we again lifted our earnings with expectations for the full
year 2024 and are confident to continue on our profitable growth path.

With that back to Carsten.
Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Marco, and let me summarize today's key takeaways before we come to the Q&A. We sustained
Henkel's good growth momentum with a strong organic top line performance, which was supported by both
business units. We also saw sequentially improved volume developments in both businesses, which is quite
encouraging.

We also significantly stepped up profitability. Both business units delivered strong margins while continuously
investing into the business to drive further growth and while pursuing efficiency gains, particularly by further
optimizing the supply chain. All of this translates into a very strong increase in EPS in H1.

Having said that, and considering the strong first half year performance and our confidence for the remainder of
the year, we recently raised our full year earnings guidance again in July. What is more, we are also highly
confident that we will achieve the targets. We had formally set ourselves for the mid to long term to now be
reached midterm.

We are delivering what we promised pursuing clear strategic priorities and commitments and pushing further
ahead with our growth agenda.

With that, let us move on to the Q&A. Marco and I are looking forward to taking your questions.

Questions & Answers
Operator

Thank you, Mr. Knoble. Ladies and gentlemen, the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically.
(Operator instructions)

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 9/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript

Guillaume Delmas, UBS.
Guillaume Delmas
UBS - Analyst

Thank you very much and good morning, Carsten, Marco and Leslie. I have two questions. The first one is on
your gross margin. So you did 50.6% in the first half. I think it's by far the highest gross margin you ever
reported on a half year basis. So my question here is, is 50% plus a sustainable level for your gross margin and
it's simply reflective of your portfolio reshaping and savings productivity efforts was the first half performance
boosted by some temporary favorable factors.

I mean, I'm thinking lower commodity costs. You talked also about strong positive mix in adhesives and maybe
in the case of consumer brands, still a relatively low level of promotional activity. So any color you could
provide on this 50%-plus gross margin level?

And then my second question is on your mid to long-term financial ambition. That you're effectively bringing
forward this morning and here, I'm just wondering if this is simply a factual statement because based on your
2024 margin guidance, I mean, you should be getting very close to your mid to long-term financial ambitions?
Or are you also trying to signal that consensus may be a bit too conservative at this stage?

If I look at 2027 or 2028 expectations for consensus, it's barely at 15%. And you seem to imply that 16% EBIT
margin is around the corner. So any clarification on this and the potential timing of the 16% EBIT margin would
be great. Thank you.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

So good morning, Guillaume. So to your questions, thank you first. And let me start with the second one, your
question regarding mid to long term and now the midterm. So first of all, I think we are well on track to
implement our strategy even in a very difficult environment.

Our strategy works, our transformation is successful. And I recall 1.5 years ago, I think that was by ourselves,
but for sure also, confirmed indicated by you, not you personally, but you as analysts that we need to show
tangible progress and what we did in 2023, we did deliver on what we promised means tangible progress in our
development and the same is now valid for 2024. We are improving, we have great the half year results and that's
another proof point of tangible progress.

So we are delivering what we are promising and therefore, I'm very confident in our future and that's not only
that what is out for 2024 that we are committed to make 2024 for a successful year, but also for the upcoming
years in that context.

Consensus may not fully reflect as reaching the midterm ambition yet, but we are well on track to reach that. And
by that, I think it's a clear proof point that instead of mid to long term, we are now very confident to get that into
the midterm territory. But again, as I said, it's a very clear proof point of our strategy going forward. And to your
question towards our first question regarding the gross margins.

First of all, yes, our adjusted gross margins amounted to 50.6%, and that's roughly 600 basis points above prior
year a period in that context. And that is supported by strong pricing by decreasing material costs, coupled with
savings from cost reduction measures, efficiency improvements in the supply chain in terms of, 10 consumer
brands, Phase 2, but also the supply chain optimizations in Henkel Adhesives.

And for sure, we are interested in keeping these high gross margin which also gives us, another room to reinvest
into the business and on the other side to really also drive growth. You may recall the flight which we explained,
which was going and the team are driving and handle consumer brands in terms of, focusing on margins and

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 10/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
brands in that comp topic of higher margins being more investing into that, which also stimulates the growth in
that.

And on the topic of, exactly is the number a one-timer or not, we're not guiding on gross margins. But there is for
sure a point which is a sequential increase of direct material costs in H2, which we also alluded to. We will also
invest more in terms of marketing.

On the other side, you have the point that we are not at the end with our portfolio measures. We are not at the end
with our saving initiatives I also alluded to that, especially also in Phase 2 of our supply chain optimization,
which have a significant impact on the gross margins.

So we are very confident that, with these gross margins level, we will also continue on that end of the gross
margins of H2. Nevertheless, as I said, there will be maybe some a little bit less than H1. But on the other side,
they will be higher than the gross margins in H2 of 2023. And I think that's a very clear path that we are driving
into that direction.

Hope that helped you.
Guillaume Delmas
UBS - Analyst

It does. Thank you very much.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

You're welcome.

Operator

Christian Faitz, Kepler Cheuvreux.

Christian Faitz
Kepler Cheuvreux - Analyst

Yes, thank you. Morning Carsten, Marco and Leslie and team. Two questions, please. First of all, what is your
current order book visibility in adhesives? And I read what is September doing versus the summer months, July
and August. Can you give us a trend maybe there in terms of order book activity?

And then my second question is how do you see raw materials trending in H2 versus H1? I mean, Michael, you
already mentioned you saw an ink or you will see an increase in H2 over just the (inaudible) can you put a
number on this? Thank you very much.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

So good morning, Christian. Marco, are you willing to start with the second question on the raw materials.

Marco Swoboda
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business Solutions and
Member of the Management Board

Yeah, because then as you as you already said, we basically expect that the prices for raw materials in the second
half will be above the level of the first half and that is actually reflected also in our guidance.

And also to note, when we look at the prices for H1, just also to underline also the level we saw there was too

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 11/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
much elevated if we compare that to the times before the COVID crisis. And so also H1 wasn't really cheap now,
but the H2 now is what we see in the market from a price point of view will increase also again in versus H1.
And that is actually what we reflect also in our guidance when you look at the margin development.
Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Marco. So Christian, to your first question, I hope you understand I will not comment on the monthly
situation, but maybe it's good enough or even better to give you a broader perspective on the H2. So in Henkel
Adhesives, in general, we expect the volume pick up in H2 also in line with the IPX development the index for
production.

So while and give you maybe some more specifics on that, while the light vehicle production index is expected
to decline in H2, we expect to continue clearly outperform the automotive market. I think we were alluding to
that during our presentation now related to H1, also with some examples, this the components which are getting
more complex.

And by that, I really playing with our know-how business really as in superior situation and even more
importantly, continuing to win projects in that context of that market.

I think that is really where we are benefiting also from our Global Private presence. And as I mentioned before,
from the project wins. In electronics, it is expected to continue its recovery also in H2, supported by the ongoing
market recovery in China and also here fueled by innovations, which we are launching in H2.

And now from a regional perspective, looking at North America and Europe. We expect also here an
improvement in H2 versus H1, so stronger MRO and construction business and improved performance in
packaging for both regions.

And by that, I think we are very well positioned, as I mentioned before, that we are expecting volume pick up for
Henkel's adhesives overall in H2 versus H1.

Hope that helps Christian.

Christian Faitz
Kepler Cheuvreux - Analyst

Yes, thanks very much, Carsten, Marco.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

You're welcome.

Operator

David Hayes, Jefferies.

David Hayes
Jefferies - Analyst

Thank you. Good morning all. Couple for me on [HCB] volumes, if I can, if I could just play back and check in
on some of the outlook. So I think previously you said you expect volumes to be flat positive ex portfolio
measures just checking for the full year that still the case?

And then just on the portfolio measures, I think you talked about 2-percentage-points in the first half and we
might just think it's about 0.5-percentage-point in the second half to be just over one for the full year. I think you

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 12/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
kind of talked about around 1% for the full year previously.

And then I guess if you put that together, it would suggest that you probably expect volumes to be positive in the
second half. Is that fair and would you expect positive volumes in HCB in the third quarter potentially?

And the second part of the question that we keep looking at scanner data in Europe and the US in laundry
continues to run down sort of high single digits levels. I just wonder whether you can give us a bit more sense of
what the selling rates are against that number I you mentioned again earlier that some of those (inaudible) is a
little bit skewed by portfolio measures.

So can you give us any indication about what home care volumes dealing in developed markets from your
perspective and how that might not reconcile to some extent with the scanner data that still shows some quite
significant decline year-on-year. Thank you much.
Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

Good morning, David. So to your questions, starting with the first one HCB and related them to volumes. So the
first of all, a clear, -- we are stick to the statement we made at the beginning of the year that the volumes at the
ex-portfolio measures should be flat to slight positive or in that territory that's unchanged. We have seen it's
sequential volume improvement the Q1, Q2 in that context, and that's a very clear answer.

That's the first thing.

And the second part, I hope you understand that we are not guiding volumes for a single quarter when you were
sort of talking about Q3 or Q4. I think important is that the situation of our portfolio measures, as we also
indicated more front end loaded than back-end loaded, which means, as you rightly have pointed out, first half
year around 200 basis points of impact, for the full year we are in the range of [100 basis points] to 150 basis
points. So a little bit more what we said at the beginning of the year. But yes, the portfolio impact will come
down towards the end of the year very clear.

But we have this time -- we have this portfolio program and we're using the momentum in that context to really
and concentrate what is good for the business going forward.

And that relates also a little bit to the question you had at the beginning in terms of the high gross margins,
which we have been seeing with more than 50%. One reason for that is definitely concentrating and on the
brands on the SKUs of the businesses which have, a future. In that context, we are really being quite, I would
say, drastic in terms of what we are doing. And I think that's exactly what is in line with our strategy.

On the other side, if you look at the differentiation, because before coming to your laundry and home care
question, what I mentioned before related to Hair in terms of we have been showing in that half year a very
strong growth, 7%. You know that we are always pointing on that the optimization of the portfolio measures in
Hair is more advanced timing wise, then in Laundry & Home Care, where we can also say it is more or less
finalized.

And that has also shown that has brought us very clearly into positive territory when it comes to volume. The 7%
is four consecutive quarters now in a row that the Hair business delivered volume growth and especially now in
the half year, a very balanced mix between price and volume. And I think that's exactly in line in strategy. And I
have to tell you, I take the time what is needed in order to make that right.

And the consequence also is that also with that, we have attached market share gains in the hair category
globally. And that brings me to the Laundry & Home Care.

Yes, you're right, that we are still seeing in the market shares, for example, some negative trends. But this is
really related to our ongoing portfolio optimization, and we will continue to focus on that because we want to

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 13/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
have our portfolio right at this point.

And the impact when you look at Europe and the rolling annual view impact in parts of the portfolio measures.
So in some extent, some trade negotiations are also impacting that and the new legislation in France, and you
still have differently than Hair that private label still plays an elevated level.

Nevertheless, there are already today first signs of the declines or stabilization of the private label business in
Europe. And looking to North America, I think we mentioned that Marco and myself, the development overall
was slightly negative, but which is first and foremost, really driven by the portfolio measures in the Laundry &
Home Care business of which accounts for the vast majority of that.

So that does some adjustments. And as I said, we want to close these discontinuations by the end of the year and
then from 2025 we will, for sure, have a more clearer and more focused portfolio also in Laundry & Home Care,
but also here, I think we mentioned that the top brands also here significantly growing in both categories.

And I mentioned some examples, be it, Pebbel, be it breadth, where we have seen double-digit growth rates, and
so (inaudible) in that context. So I think there are clear proof points that we are going into the right direction and
this is also one of the reasons why our confidence in reaching the midterm guidance -- sorry, our guidance, our
ambition in the midterm is the most important way in order to improving our performance. Sorry for the long
answer, but I hope it helps to clarify some points.
David Hayes
Jefferies - Analyst

Thank you.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

You're welcome, David.

Operator

Richard Cohen, Morgan Stanley.

Richard Cohen
Morgan Stanley - Analyst

Hey, good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Just one for me, please. I think over the past few
weeks we've seen a lot of your peers kind of talk about the increased level of promotional intensity within the
consumer business, particularly home care in both the US and Europe.

Can you talk about what youâre seeing there in terms of the competitive landscape, whether that's changed over
the past three months that would be helpful.

Thank you.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

Yes, Richard, good morning. Yeah, we are also executing promotions to an appropriate degree with a
methodological approach, considering efficiency, both in promotional weight frequency and also the discount
level. However, usually the return is bigger when constantly or continuously investing in marketing instead of in
short term promotions. And we also consistently invest in advertising and marketing to strengthen our brand
equity.

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 14/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
And by that supporting the innovations and to fuel further growth. And with other words, yes, we seen that
intensity, but I mentioned it before. I think we are very clear on our measures, which we would like to take in
order to optimize our portfolio at the same time in balance with our gross margins. And for sure, we are taking
also the innovation into account. That's what I would like to say at this point.
Richard Cohen
Morgan Stanley - Analyst

Thank you very much.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

You're welcome, (inaudible)

Operator

Tom Sykes, Deutsche Bank.

Tom Sykes
Deutsche Bank - Analyst

Good morning everybody, thank you. Two, please. Firstly, just on the marketing expense increased, is there a
catch up in H2, then it reverts to a slightly difference from a lower level as a percentage of sales in H1 next year?
Or is this the new base for the level of A&P as a run rate in the second half of the year.

And I guess alongside that within the will you get EBIT growth in H1 next year of EBIT growth in full year '25
be skewed towards the second half of the year.

And then if I could just on, is it possible to give some more details of what's really driving that EMEA growth
and perhaps give you a view on where the operating margin is in that region versus the rest of the group?

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

So Tom, good morning. So to your first question, again, I will not comment on any individual quarters or half
years when it comes to individual performance. But first of all, H2 in this year also the increase of further
marketing spend is also connected with the launch of innovations and which we would like for sure, also to
support as I said, no real guidance on that.

And what we can also say is that what we will spend in in half year two is the round double digit, 10% higher
than H1. That's for 2024. We have been clearly stating where we see our guidance in terms of EBIT for the full
year, 13.5% to 14.5% for the total company. For sure we are not here today to guide for 2025, but I think it's very
clear in the context what we also said today that we are changing our financial ambition from mid to long term to
midterm that we are very confident that our tangible progress, the path which we have been showing in 2023 and
in 2024 will also and will continue also in 2025, as I said, without giving now today, a clear guidance on that.

So that's maybe to the first question. And then the second one was to EMEA growth, Marco, can you take that?

Marco Swoboda
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business Solutions and
Member of the Management Board

Yeah, to EMEA what we basically saw is that both businesses actually contributed to this performance also
showing double-digit growth rates and in Adhesive Technologies that was driven by both a strong price effect but
also volume growth for the region in Adhesive Technologies and all divisions in adhesives actually contributed

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 15/16



6/2/25, 11:25 PM Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call Transcript
there.

We saw a double-digit development in our automotive and electronics business, but also packaging and
consumer goods businesses in adhesives developed positively on the top line and also, we had strong growth in
consumer craftsmen professional.

So overall, hot technology saw growth across the region and in consumer that was in total, also including volume
growth in the first half. And that actually that was augmented by also, of course price growth because in the
emerging markets you need to actually price continuously also to compensate for higher raw material costs in
local currencies, and that's what we actually do the reason. But what for me is always important is that also that
came with the volume growth in that region, in particular, in both businesses.
Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

Good. Thank you, Marco. Tom, I hope both helps.

Tom Sykes
Deutsche Bank - Analyst

Thank you. That's great.

Carsten Knobel Knobel
Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer

You're welcome. So with this coming to an end. So thank you for your questions and with that, let me also close
today's call.

We are really looking forward to connecting with you again in November when we will release our Q3 results.
And with this, I would like to thank you for joining our call today. Have a great remainder of the day. Take care.
Goodbye and most probably see you in the evening. Bye-bye.

Operator

You may now disconnect your lines. Bye-bye.

Call Participants
Corporate Participants

Leslie Iltgen, Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Head of Investor Relations
Carsten Knobel Knobel, Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Chief Executive Officer
Marco Swoboda, Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Executive Vice President - Finance, Purchasing, Global Business
Solutions and Member of the Management Board

Conference Call Participants

Guillaume Delmas, UBS - Analyst
Christian Faitz, Kepler Cheuvreux - Analyst
David Hayes, Jefferies - Analyst
Richard Cohen, Morgan Stanley - Analyst
Tom Sykes, Deutsche Bank - Analyst

Refinitiv StreetEvents Transcript
Q2 2024 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call
Aug 13, 2024 / 07:00AM GMT

https://www.gurufocus.com/stock/WBO:HENI/transcripts/2501940 16/16