REFINITIV STREETEVENTS

EDITED TRANSCRIPT
HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

EVENT DATE/TIME: MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM GMT

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

C O R P O R A T E  P A R T I C I P A N T S
Carsten Knobel Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Marco Swoboda Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CFO, Executive VP of Finance, Purchasing & Global Business Solutions and Member of Mgmt. Board

Leslie Isabelle Iltgen Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - Head of IR

C O N F E R E N C E  C A L L  P A R T I C I P A N T S
Christian Faitz Kepler Cheuvreux, Research Division - Equity Analyst

David Hayes Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst

Guillaume Gerard Vincent Delmas UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Analyst

Iain Edward Simpson Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Analyst

Victoria Petrova BofA Securities, Research Division - Head of European HPC, Food & Tobacco and Research Analyst

P R E S E N T A T I O N
Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Henkel Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)

I will now hand over to Leslie Iltgen, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Leslie Isabelle Iltgen - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - Head of IR

Thank you and good morning to everyone. A warm welcome to everyone joining Henkel's Full Year 2023 Results Conference Call today. I'm Leslie
Iltgen, Head of Henkel's Investor Relations. Today, I'm joined by our CEO, Carsten Knobel, and our CFO, Marco Swoboda. Carsten will begin with
an overview of 2023 including key achievements and highlights and a first glance at the guidance for full year 2024. Marco will follow with a review
of the full year 2023 financial results in more detail and also elaborate on the key assumptions around the 2024 guidance. As always, following the
presentation, we will open up the lines and Carsten and Marco will be happy to take your questions.

Before handing over to Carsten, please let me remind you that this call will be recorded and a replay will be made available on our Investor Relations
website shortly after this call. By asking a question during the Q&A session, you agree to both the live broadcasting as well as the recording of your
question including salutation to be published on our website. Also please be reminded that this presentation contains the usual formal disclaimer
in regard to forward-looking statements within the meaning of relevant U.S. legislation. It can also be accessed via our website at henkel.com. As
always, the presentation and discussion are conducted subject to this disclaimer.

With this, it is my pleasure to hand over to our CEO, Carsten Knobel. Carsten, please go ahead.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Thank you, Leslie, and a warm welcome also from my side to everyone joining our call today. After highlighting the key developments of the full
year, we will walk you through our business performance and the outlook for the full year 2024 in more detail and of course, we are looking forward
to taking your questions. So let's get started with the major topics and achievements in 2023.

In 2023, Henkel delivered a strong top- and bottom-line growth - and that includes a Q4 where we saw a continued strong performance and a
further sequential volume development improvement. We clearly overachieved the financial targets we had set ourselves at the beginning of last

2

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

year. Both business units contributed to this excellent performance. On Group level, Henkel recorded very strong organic sales growth of 4.2%.
Adhesive Technologies delivered 3.2% OSG, which is clearly above the peer average.

Our Consumer Brands business clearly stood out with 6.1% OSG, certainly driven to a large part by strong pricing, but also supported by a sequentially
improved volume development. Turning to the margins. With focus and discipline, we made significant progress in restoring our profitability both
in terms of adjusted gross profit where we saw an increase of 340 basis points versus the prior year as well as in regard to the adjusted EBIT margin
which reached 11.9% on Group level, a plus of 150 basis points versus the prior year. This significant increase was supported by strong pricing to
further compensate for the still elevated input costs, ongoing measures to reduce cost and enhance production and supply chain efficiency, but
also by accelerated savings from the Consumer Brands merger and the continued portfolio optimization measures behind.

At the same time, we are putting strong emphasis on investing in growth. We have been stepping up our marketing investments in the consumer
space to further strengthen brand equity and to continue fostering innovations in both business units. Also bear in mind that all of this was achieved
despite the fact that we divested our business in Russia, which was over-proportionately profitable. This excellent performance also resulted in an
adjusted EPS growth of plus 20% at constant exchange rates for the full year. And on top, we also significantly improved our free cash flow. We
reached a new all-time high of EUR 2.6 billion. Backed by the strong financial position, we proposed a stable dividend of EUR 1.85, which represents
a payout ratio of 42.4%, thus slightly above the targeted payout range of 30% to 40%. So all in all, a very strong set of results.

Looking to 2024, we had a strong start to the year in both months - in January and in February - and we are poised for further top- and bottom-
line growth. We're highly confident that we have the right strategy, portfolio and capabilities to deliver on our targets - not just in the year 2024,
but also when it comes to our mid- to long-term financial ambition.

Besides driving financial performance, we are also strengthening our competitiveness. In this context, investing in our innovation capabilities is
key, for example into new R&D and customer centers. A great example is the new battery engineering center for Adhesive Technologies, which is
quite unique in the industry. Unveiling the first Battery Engineering Center here at our headquarters in Germany solidifies our role as a premier
design and innovation partner for automotive OEMs and [battery manufacturers] (corrected by company after the call). It allows us to create a
digital twin of any battery and simulate the performance of our solutions under various conditions. These can be validated through real-life stress
tests, ensuring both the reliability of our data and the efficacy of our solutions.

Another highlight is our new R&D center for Consumer Brands in Shanghai, which we opened just recently. With a floor space of over 2,500 square
meters, the center is our largest for Consumer Brands in the Asia-Pacific region. It will focus on both core categories - Hair as well as Laundry &
Home Care - and it's aiming to attract the best scientific minds and enhance our regional capabilities. For us, this is more than just an R&D facility.
It is a hub to foster agile product innovation tailored to the needs and the habits of consumers across 11 diverse markets in Asia.

In parallel, we are also leveraging digitalization across our businesses, leading to further organic growth in digital sales - as in Consumer Brands
where we saw a double-digit increase. In Adhesive Technologies, AI, for instance, plays an increasing role when it comes to the optimization of
formulation properties. Sustainability is yet another important contributor to drive Henkel's competitive edge. Also here, we made significant
progress. We reduced emissions from operations by 61% compared to the base year 2010. We increased the share of recycled plastic in consumer
packaging to now 19%. And last, but not least, we brought the share of women in management to around 40%. Thus, we are not only delivering
on our financial targets, but also continue to focus on these important strategic pillars always backed by a strong company culture and the great
people, which we have onboard at Henkel around the globe.

Let me now turn to Adhesive Technologies and the megatrends that clearly serve as catalysts for growth. With the portfolio we have in place already
today, we act as an enabler for our customers, offering innovative solutions which support them in their needs and in achieving their respective
goals. With the solutions we offer, we foster circularity and recyclability across industries and thus clearly contribute to driving sustainability globally.
Mobility is another theme, which plays into our cards. Reliable thermal management and functional coating solutions contribute to more safety
in cars and allow large scale production. Thinking of connectivity and the need to extend mobility around the globe, being able to offer
high-performance solutions for 5G connectivity is absolutely key. Another megatrend is for sure digitalization. Automizing and digitalization of
global labs clearly increases the speed and also the impact of innovations.

3

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

And last, but not least, when it comes to urbanization, there is for instance a high need for sustainable engineered wood solutions, which allow
the construction of multistory buildings - unimaginable until just a few years ago.

In 2023, we continued to strengthen our portfolio with innovative solutions providing added value to customers and consumers while shaping
the relevant megatrends I just referred to. For example, we launched a new solution for bonding camera lenses in driver assistance systems, which
combines production efficiency and performance capability enabling fast and reliable production of cameras for the automotive industry. We
further developed our packaging adhesives, making it easier for manufacturers to switch to a more sustainable solvent-free alternative while
maintaining quality and sophisticated appearance. And at the same time, a high standard of food safety is guaranteed. It sounds like a simple
solution, however, it is technologically demanding. Just think about coffee for example, which requires sophisticated packaging solutions to
maintain its unique properties. To further support the construction industry while pivoting towards sustainable practices, we launched our first
bio-based polyurethane adhesives for load-bearing timber construction - aimed at significantly reducing the CO2 equivalent emissions compared
to their fossil-based alternatives.

As part of our strategic growth agenda, compelling acquisitions play a key role in actively shaping our portfolio. The maintenance, repair and overall
business is highly attractive, delivering above average organic sales growth in the high single-digit territory. With the 2 recent acquisitions, we are
expanding our MRO platform by adding competencies in the area of repair and overhaul to our existing portfolio.

Critica Infrastructure is a specialized supplier for innovative composite repair and reinforcement solutions, which will add around EUR 100 million
in sales and is growing at a fast pace. With Seal for Life Industries, we acquired a specialized supplier of protective coating and sealing solutions
for infrastructure markets. Once the transaction is closed, it will add approximately a further EUR 250 million in sales. With these transactions, we
are expanding into sustainability-driven, future-oriented growing and profitable markets.

Turning now to our Consumer Brands business and major trends that drive growth as we are addressing consumer needs with products that feature
superior technologies. Washing at lower temperatures for sure is a trend that many of us already follow today. We are all keen on saving energy
and costs. However, at the same time, we don't want to give up on good cleaning performance.

The same applies to hygienic cleanliness. We don't want to be confronted with bad odors coming from washing machines and ending up in our
laundry.

That is where innovative solutions are required and where we already have products in the portfolio we can offer customers today. I'll come to
specific examples just in a minute. When thinking of consumer trends in Hair, for sure one major trend is that of gentle hair coloration in order to
avoid hair breakage. Healthy hair, including strengthened hair structure, is another trend we see amongst consumers, driving demand for products
and treatments in this area. Our innovative HaptIQ bonding system, which we are introducing to our formulations, protects and strengthens the
natural bonds in hair fibers, thus repairing the hair, giving its strength and resilience and protecting it against future damage.

Amongst our fast-growing billionaire brands Schwarzkopf and Persil, you will find impactful product innovations which address exactly these
trends already today and we are continuously investing in value-adding innovations to drive future growth as we speak. And in the meantime,
most of you may already know the deep clean formulation of Persil. Its unique enzyme-based formula not only cleans your laundry, but also removes
deposits creating bad odors on laundry and in the washing machine itself. With this new innovative product, we generated double-digit organic
sales growth in 2023. In our category Hair, we recently launched a completely new treatment product called Gliss Night Elixir. This product, which
contributed to significant organic sales growth of Gliss Kur last year, is quite unique. We are the first company to launch this kind of product creating
a new subcategory, and we are planning to roll it out in more countries in 2024. The advanced formula with the HaptIQ bonding system combines
both inner and outer hair repair while sleeping, supporting the hair to regenerate overnight.

In the Professional area, Schwarzkopf BlondMe contributed with double-digit organic sales growth in 2023, addressing the need for gentle coloration
and bleaching solutions with our innovative Dual Bond technology, which minimizes hair breakage even with high level bleaching.

They are just a few selected examples, which showcase the technology expertise we have at Henkel and the vast opportunities which exist to
further drive organic growth going forward.

4

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

I would now like to turn to our global category Hair in more detail. In this category, we are already more advanced with the portfolio optimization
measures versus Laundry & Home Care and we see the measures clearly bearing fruit. The numbers speak for themselves: We saw significant organic
sales growth of around 9% in 2023, with a strong contribution from our top brand Schwarzkopf. Volumes showed a positive development and we
recorded market share gains, for instance in Styling with plus 30 basis points year-over-year. For 2024, we expect volumes in Hair to remain in the
positive territory of course based on the current macroeconomic and market assumptions we have for 2024.

Besides driving organic sales growth, we are also looking for attractive opportunities to grow our global key categories via M&A, while at the same
time strengthening our regional footprint in attractive markets such as the APAC region. The integration of Shiseido Professional in APAC, which
we acquired in 2022, is well on track, with our R&D expertise now pooled in a new innovation hub in Japan.

And just a few weeks ago, we acquired the salon-inspired Vidal Sassoon brand and the related hair care business in Greater China thus addressing
a white spot in the premium retail segment with its shampoos and conditioners plus products around styling and treatment. The business holds
a strong position in the Chinese market and generated sales of more than EUR 200 million in fiscal year 2022/2023. The brand holds a strong
presence within China's consumer hair care market and exhibits well-established brand fundamentals, with significant opportunities to further
harness the brand equity in the market. With a strong and successful Hair business globally, including Asia, we have developed an in-depth
understanding of the intersection between the professional and the retail space. Given this "authority in hair", Henkel is well positioned to capture
the full potential of the Vidal Sassoon brand. Alongside a clear strategy to invest into the brand, we have many exciting ideas which we aim to
implement to ensure the acquisition is a success - including product relaunches, new innovations to broaden the product portfolio, and renewed
marketing measures. And we have a strong regional team in both, professional and consumer hair care, with additional expertise from the successful
integration of Shiseido Professional.

I would now like to give you an update as to where we stand in terms of the merger of the two consumer businesses and the integration process.
As you all well know, we had defined two phases: Phase 1 with a clear focus on optimizing the organizational set-up and the portfolio, and Phase
2 focusing on the optimization of our supply chain. In the meantime, we have stringently worked on the numerous initiatives and are clearly ahead
of the plan, which now also leads to higher net savings.

While we initially had expected to achieve a total of around EUR 400 million in net savings by 2026, we now expect to achieve approximately EUR
525 million - and I will elaborate in more detail on the progress we have made within the two phases in just a minute. And at the same time, we
are also driving investments to accelerate growth, very important.

Looking into more detail into the progress we made in Phase 1. As already referred to in earlier quarterly calls, we are very well advanced in
optimizing the entire organizational setup. This also includes the reduction of headcount by more than 2,000 positions, for which we were able to
conclude agreements by the end of last year. Overall, the successful and swift execution will lead to an increase in net savings from initially around
EUR 250 million to now around EUR 275 million by the end of 2024. Thereof, more than EUR 200 million have been already achieved by the end of
last year, means 2023.

As you all know, Wolfgang and his teams are also stringently working on optimizing the portfolio. In the meantime, around EUR 650 million in sales
have either been divested or discontinued. The number of SKUs was reduced by a double-digit percentage rate already. While we are clearly more
advanced in the Hair category, where we already started to see a positive volume development in 2023 - as I pointed it out a minute ago - , there
is still some more work to do particularly in the Laundry & Home Care category, which is why also for 2024, you should still expect some impact
deriving from the still ongoing portfolio measures. But be assured, we are striving to finalize the portfolio optimization process by the end of this
year, means end of 2024.

And as promised in our Q3 call, I would like to provide you a deep dive now on Phase 2. Focus of the initiated measures is the optimization of our
supply chain network, the commercial integration and operational excellence. And to give you further perspective here, we are talking about more
than 800 projects which have been launched. We are targeting an average complexity reduction of 25% and have already initiated a reduction by
15% in the first step. So far, for example, we already reduced the number of production lines by around 45 and also the number of contract
manufacturers and co-packers by around 100. In addition, we also reduced headcount by around 800 FTEs by the end of 2023. Commercial
integration is also progressing as planned. And in the meantime, our 1-1-1 approach - meaning 1 order, 1 shipment, 1 invoice - is live in 7 countries.

5

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Together, this already led to first net savings deriving from Phase 2 initiatives in 2023 in the magnitude of approximately EUR 80 million. And based
on the progress we have made so far already and what we expect from the launch measures still to materialize, we are able to increase our
expectations in regard to net savings, which we want to achieve now in full swing by 2026 - from initially EUR 150 million to now EUR 250 million.

And to give you some more color, we added an overview here including some selected examples. So when referring to commercial integration,
we specifically mean the global rollout of our 1-1-1 approach. So far, we have implemented this approach in 7 countries and the plan is to continue
the rollout country by country and have the process completed by end or within 2025. As a prerequisite, this of course requires the harmonization
of systems and logistical processes, which is well on track.

Second part, in order to optimize our supply chain network, we kicked off a large number of large-scale projects in order to respond to the portfolio
shifts, accelerate capacity consolidation and leverage synergies from the merger. To give some examples: So far, we consolidated the logistics
footprint in North America and optimized our production footprint in various regions such as Europe, North America and Latin America as well as
IMEA. This also includes the insourcing of contract manufacturing activities for Hair in North America and establishing Latin America as a coloration
hub for the Americas.

Driving operational excellence, the third part, means fostering operational efficiency in all production and logistic processes. Here, savings are
ahead of our initial ambition due to strong results we achieved with our pilot programs in our larger production sites in the U.S. and in Germany.
We were also able to reduce logistic costs, improve productivity and line utilization in numerous sites, and also roll out flexshift models in order to
further increase efficiency in various sites.

It goes without saying that this is a huge task for the entire team - but the progress we have already made so far, the fact that we are ahead of plan,
plus the positive outcome already reflected in our financials are all together strong proof points that the strategy is clearly bearing fruit - and we
are not at the end of this road yet.

So wrapping it up, we can state that we are successfully executing on our strategic initiatives and consistently delivering the targeted top- and
bottom-line growth. Besides fostering organic growth, we are also increasingly taking advantage of attractive M&A opportunities, which are adding
a total of more than EUR 0.5 billion to Group sales when considering Vidal Sassoon, Critica infrastructure and the most recent acquisition of Seal
for Life. Over the past 6 months we thus spent more than EUR 1.5 billion to strengthen our businesses.

The Consumer Brands integration is already well advanced and we now expect to achieve higher net savings than originally expected, while we
keep up with the elevated levels of investments into our brand equity and innovations to drive further growth.

While the overall macroeconomic environment remains challenging, we are confident to see continued growth and a further uplift of margins
versus the prior year, reflecting the progress deriving from the measures we implemented as well as the strength of our portfolio and leading
market positions globally. This confidence is also backed by the good start we saw when entering into January and February of 2024. To be more
specific, for 2024, we expect organic sales growth of plus 2% to plus 4% and an adjusted EBIT margin of 12% to 13.5% on Group level. For Henkel's
adjusted earnings per preferred share, we expect an increase in the range of plus 5% to plus 20% at constant currencies.

And with this, let me hand over now to Marco. He will give you some more details on our financial performance of 2023. Marco.

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CFO, Executive VP of Finance, Purchasing & Global Business Solutions and Member of Mgmt. Board

Thanks, Carsten. Good morning to everybody also from my side. Let me share some more color on Henkel's business development in fiscal 2023.
We delivered very strong organic sales growth of 4.2%, driven by both business units. Pricing was the main contributor being up by more than 9%,
while volumes were below prior year level. M&A had a negative impact on sales, mainly due to the divestment of our business activities in Russia
in April last year. Foreign exchange were a headwind too, mainly due to the appreciation of the euro versus our basket of currencies, including
some weakness in emerging market currencies. As a result, Group sales in nominal terms remained below prior year, reaching EUR 21.5 billion in
fiscal 2023.

6

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

From a regional perspective, all regions contributed to growth except for Asia-Pacific. Our largest regions, Europe and North America, showed
organic growth of 2.2% and 2.4%, respectively. The Latin America and IMEA regions each recorded double-digit growth of 11.7% and 24.7%,
respectively. Although showing positive organic growth in Q4, sales in full year 2023 in the Asia-Pacific region were slightly below the prior year,
particularly reflecting the continued challenging market environment in China.

Now turning to Adhesive Technologies in more detail. Organic sales growth was 3.2% and, as Carsten pointed out earlier, was clearly above what
we could see with peers. Strong pricing was a key driver, but also necessary as we still faced elevated input cost levels throughout the year as well
as inflation, which had to be compensated for. Volumes remained below prior year levels, mainly due to demand remaining muted in some key
end markets. However, volume development showed a sequential improvement in the course of the year.

Profitability also improved significantly versus prior year. The adjusted EBIT margin came in at 14.7% and is thus 110 basis points above what we
had achieved in 2022 - mainly driven by significant step-up in gross margin.

Looking at the top- and bottom-line development in the Adhesives business in more detail. What you can see here on this slide is that volume
development clearly improved over Q3 and Q4, closing the year reaching slightly positive territory in the fourth quarter. With regard to pricing,
keep in mind that particularly in the first half of the year, the pricing carryover impact was more pronounced and gradually decreased in the course
of the year. Nevertheless, pricing remained strong and we didn't have to make major price concessions so far.

As already mentioned, a key driver for margin improvement both in fiscal 2023 and in particular in H2 was pricing. However, input costs remained
at elevated levels and we also had to compensate for inflation, which is why pricing was crucial. This development also reflects the strength of our
business with both the portfolio and strong leading market positions globally.

Let me now turn to the performance in the individual business areas where we saw different dynamics. Mobility & Electronics again was the main
growth driver with a plus of 8.5%. This increase was first and foremost driven by the Automotive and Industrial businesses, while the Electronics
business continued to trend below prior-year levels, reflecting the still subdued market environment, particularly in China.

Packaging & Consumer Goods showed a decline of 2.4% on the back of overall softer demand, but also high prior-year comparables, which had
been driven by an inflated demand resulting from the COVID pandemic at the time. In addition, demand was subdued in '23 due to lower consumer
spend related to inflationary pressure, destocking at customers, less industrial goods being packed and reduced e-commerce shipments.

Craftsmen, Construction & Professional delivered growth of 3.4%, driven by all businesses - despite persisting soft demand in the respective end
markets.

Overall, a very robust performance of our Adhesive Technologies business in comparison to our relevant end markets and peers, and considering
the overall still volatile and challenging macro environment - clearly reflecting the strength of our Adhesives business.

Turning now to Consumer Brands. The business generated very strong organic sales growth of 6.1%, which was driven by double-digit pricing of
more than 12%. Volumes decreased by 6.3%. The volume development, however, showed a continued sequential improvement in both Q4 versus
Q3 and Q3 versus Q2, which I would like to elaborate on in more detail on my next slide. Profitability also significantly improved by 220 basis points
versus prior-year level, reaching 10.6% in the full year.

I already referred to the very strong organic sales growth we saw in the Consumer business, which was first and foremost driven by strong double-digit
pricing. Volumes were still negative, being down 6.3% when looking at full year 2023. However, as just mentioned, volume development showed
a clear sequential improvement as we had anticipated in our last call. We reached flat levels in Q4, and even slightly positive levels towards year-end
when considering the continued impact from the still ongoing portfolio measures.

Portfolio measures and trade negotiations together made up for around 3.5 percentage points of the total volume decline in 2023 and roughly 3
percentage points when considering Q4 stand-alone. In line with expectations, the negative impact from trade negotiations clearly decreased in
Q4. And as you know, we are still in the process of shaping our portfolio, eliminating low-growth and low-margin business and refocusing on the

7

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

faster and more profitable parts. We already see that these measures are bearing fruit, particular when looking at the Hair category, where we are
clearly more advanced compared to Laundry & Home Care and where volume development already clearly reached positive territory in Q3 and
Q4 last year. This is a strong proof point that our strategy is paying off.

Entering into 2024, you should continue to expect an impact on volumes - clearly to a lesser degree - while we currently focus our activities more
pronouncedly on the Laundry & Home Care category. At the same time, we will continue to price where needed to compensate for still elevated
input cost and inflation. In addition, we are driving the valorization of our portfolio with the strong brands we have. In parallel, we will keep up
with the elevated levels of investments in marketing and advertisement to strengthen brand equity. The significant step-up in our margin was
driven by a full array of measures enhancing our adjusted gross margin and EBIT margin: strong double-digit pricing, benefits from the already
mentioned portfolio measures, and cost of goods sold savings measures contributed to the positive development. In addition, the development
was further supported by positive mix impact, as we saw significant growth in Hair and accelerated net savings deriving from the merger of the
two consumer businesses. Lastly, the significant step-up was achieved despite increased investments in marketing and the fact that we exited
Russia, where 2/3 of the business related to consumer and which was over-proportionately profitable.

Now turning to the performance by business area with focus on Laundry & Home Care and Hair. Laundry & Home Care delivered very strong organic
sales growth of 5.5% to which both Laundry Care and Home Care contributed, with Fabric Care, Fabric Cleaning and Dishwashing clearly standing
out.

The Hair business area, which comprises both the Professional and Consumer business, grew by almost 9%. Within the Hair business area, the
Consumer Hair business clearly stood out and recorded a double-digit increase, mainly backed by Styling and Coloration. Also our Professional
business developed successfully, achieving very strong growth.

Wrapping it up, Henkel delivered a very strong top-line performance in both Adhesive Technologies and Consumer Brands in 2023.

Turning back to the Group level, I would like to elaborate on the components of the adjusted income statement. We significantly improved our
adjusted gross profit, which had been impacted by the severe input cost headwinds we faced in 2021 and 2022. Thanks to strong pricing in order
to further compensate for the still elevated input costs, ongoing measures to reduce costs and enhance production and supply chain efficiency,
and the ongoing portfolio optimization measures, we now reached a level of 45.7%, which represents an increase of 340 basis points.

Marketing, selling and distribution expenses increased as a percentage of sales to a level of 26.3%. While we generated savings in SG&A deriving
from the Consumer Brands merger and benefited from more favorable logistics cost, we significantly stepped up marketing spend in the Consumer
Brands business in order to strengthen brand equity. R&D and admin expenses have increased slightly, with a relative impact amounting to 2.7%
and 4.9%, respectively. Other operating income and expenses had a rather neutral impact as a percentage of sales. As a result, the adjusted EBIT
margin showed a strong increase by 150 basis points up to a level of 11.9%.

Moving on to the bridge from reported to adjusted EBIT. At around EUR 2 billion, reported EBIT was up by more than 11% compared to the previous
year level.

One-time income of around EUR 4 million resulted from smaller divestments. One-time expenses of around EUR 280 million are mainly related to
the divestment of the business in Russia, which we concluded in April. Restructuring charges amounted to around EUR 270 million, with the majority
related to the merger of our consumer businesses as well as to the further optimization of our production and distribution structures in both
businesses. As a result, adjusted EBIT came in at around EUR 2.6 billion and thus more than 10% above prior year level.

Now taking a closer look at the bridge leading to the adjusted EPS. The adjusted financial result amounted to around minus EUR 85 million and
thus slightly below prior year level. Taxes on income amounted to EUR 630 million, which equals to an adjusted tax rate of 25.5%. Non-controlling
interest amounted to EUR 22 million, leading to an adjusted net income attributable to shareholders of EUR 1.8 billion. This translates into adjusted
earnings per preferred share of EUR 4.35. This represents a significant increase by 11.5% year-over-year, or - at constant exchange rates - even a
strong plus of 20%.

8

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

On to our cash KPIs. Net working capital as a percentage of sales decreased by 190 basis points to a level of 2.6%, mainly due to lower inventories
driven by price and volume effects. We significantly improved our free cash flow to around EUR 2.6 million, thus reaching a new all-time high,
reflecting the strong increase in the operating cash flow from both better operating profit and better net working capital cash flow. As a result, our
net financial position turned slightly positive. Overall, very solid financials that allow us to further invest in initiatives to accelerate growth. Since
the beginning of the year, we have already invested more than EUR 1 billion in attractive M&A targets. In addition, our strong financial position
allows us to pay an attractive dividend.

Looking at the macroeconomic environment, the global economy will continue to grow, although at a moderate pace. Global GDP is forecasted
at around 2.5% for 2024. Industrial production is expected to expand by roughly 2%. Consumer spending is expected to increase by roughly 2.5%.
We are also still facing elevated inflation rates and interest levels globally. When it comes to currencies, we expect markets to remain highly volatile.

At the same time, we see the situation in global supply chains and commodity markets improving. Specifically, input costs are partly easing. For
some raw materials, prices have come down. However, for some of the products we purchase, we still experience elevated price levels.

Overall, we expect our input costs to remain on stable levels. Also we continue to expect an impact from wage inflation and still elevated energy
costs.

Turning to the more specific performance drivers relevant for our businesses. Looking at overall automotive production, build rates are stabilizing
and expected to continue above pre-COVID levels of 2019 while staying below all-time high levels. In addition, key customer wins from 2023 will
also fuel growth for Henkel going forward. When it comes to the Industrials segment, we expect mixed market dynamics, while in Electronics, we
see signs of positive developments and stabilizing markets in APAC. In Packaging & Consumer Goods, it's all about strengthening our market
position in a competitive environment while expanding our sustainability-driven portfolio.

Turning to our Consumer Brands business. Growth is expected across the global active segments in Laundry & Home Care and Hair. We will continue
to build on a strong brand portfolio with consumer-relevant innovations and keep up with strong media support at elevated levels to drive growth
and gross margins. Furthermore, as elaborated earlier, we expect further savings from the Consumer Brands merger. In addition, we also expect
to realize first contributions from our recent acquisitions in both businesses.

For 2024, we expect further growth for both top- and bottom-line. For the Group, we expect organic sales growth of 2% to 4%. The same ranges
apply to both business units, respectively.

Let me provide some more color on our price/volume expectations in 2024. For Adhesive Technologies, we expect a more balanced split of price
and volume growth. Pricing should remain positive despite a certain price pressure in our markets. When it comes to volume development, we
expect a further sequential improvement in the course of 2024. For Consumer Brands, the focus on pricing remains and should be seen in the
context of the ongoing valorization process of our portfolio. This is part of our strategy. When it comes to volume development in Consumer in
2024, we expect to reach flat to perhaps even slightly positive territory when excluding the negative impact from still ongoing portfolio measures.

When it comes to the adjusted EBIT margin, we anticipate further contributions from the successful execution of our strategic and operational
initiatives, while input costs are expected to remain stable. For the full year, we expect adjusted EBIT margins for the Group between 12% to 13.5%.

For Adhesive Technologies, we expect the adjusted EBIT margin to be between 15% and 16.5%, and for Consumer Brands between 11% and 12.5%.
Please also bear in mind that in 2024, there will be no positive contribution from Russia as we exited the business in April 2023. Last year, Russia
contributed roughly 40 basis points to Group margin - with an even more pronounced impact on our Consumer Brands business.

With regard to FX, we anticipate a mid single-digit negative impact on sales from currencies. The impact on bottom-line is expected to be slightly
more pronounced and not as strong as last year. For the development of our adjusted EPS at constant exchange rates, we expect an increase in
the range of 5% to 20%. So, overall, we are confident to generate further growth and to deliver a further improvement in earnings compared to
the prior year.

9

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

And with that, I would like to hand over back to you, Carsten.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Thank you, Marco. So let me summarize today's key takeaways. We sustained Henkel's growth momentum with very strong organic top-line
performance, which was supported by both business units. We were able to significantly recover our profitability. Gross profit and EBIT margin
significantly improved versus prior-year levels. For sure, clear proof points that our measures are bearing fruit. And at the same time, we continue
to invest in growth, also by stepping up marketing activities in price-sensitive consumer markets, supporting the improved sequential volume
development and investing in R&D and innovations. And while managing our business in a fast-evolving and challenging environment, we are
successfully executing on our strategic priorities, including the Consumer Brands merger, with clear proof that we are ahead of plan and now
expect even more savings ongoing forward, particularly from the Phase 2.

In addition, we are allocating more focus on attractive M&A opportunities. We are successfully expanding the attractive MRO platform in our
Adhesives business, and also strengthening the two global categories in our consumer business as well as our footprint in the APAC region. Over
the past 6 months, we already invested more than EUR 1.5 billion in attractive targets.

And last, but not least, we released our full year guidance for 2024 this morning, which reflects further growth expectation both for top- and
bottom-line. And we are confident that we have the right strategy, the portfolio and the capabilities at Henkel to deliver on our targets both
short-term, but also mid- to long-term.

And with that, let us move to the Q&A. Marco and I are looking forward to take your questions.

Q U E S T I O N S  A N D  A N S W E R S
Operator

(Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Guillaume Delmas, UBS.

Guillaume Gerard Vincent Delmas - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Analyst

One housekeeping question for me and then 2 questions. The point of clarification is on your foreign exchange guidance, so for a mid-single-digit
headwind. Is it for both sales and EPS or could it be, as things stand today of course, a greater headwind on EPS? And then my 2 questions: So the
first one is on your adjusted gross margin, it reached 46.8% in the second half of last year. My question is: Based on your direct material outlook
and your savings program, would it be fair to assume that you can still improve significantly your gross margin from this 46.8% level in 2024? And
I guess bigger picture, if I look at the past decade, your best gross margin was in 2016 [48.4%] (corrected by company after the call). Do you think
that given the mix of your business today, returning to this level or even overshooting this level - maybe not in 2024, but over time -, would it be
one of your objectives? And then finally, my second question on the pricing outlook for 2024. We've heard from some of your competitors particularly
in Adhesives, they were guiding for negative pricing yet Marco in the guidance, you seem confident about pricing remaining in positive territory
in Adhesives in 2024. So wondering what underpins your confidence in limited pricing concessions.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Guillaume, I take the question 2 and 3 and Marco will then come back to the FX point. So the first point on the adjusted gross margins and the
reference what you made, I can be very short. It's a fair statement by yourself and for sure also integrated in our plans for the year 2024, that we
have a clear point of further improving our gross margins and that's part of our guidance - despite the fact that we are not guiding explicitly on
gross margin. But it will support also the 12% to 13.5% EBIT margin development. So yes, that's fair and that's also fair for both businesses. That's
fair for our HCB business, but also for Henkel's Adhesives business. And the most important point for me here is the cycle in which we are getting

10

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

in, which also this higher gross margin allows us to further invest in our company and at the same time improving the bottom-line. So that's on
your question related to the gross profit.

When it comes to pricing here - and I think you were specifically on the Adhesives business -, so it's very clear also here, overall we expect a more
balanced split of price and volume for Adhesive Technologies. That means, pricing should remain positive despite a certain price pressure in our
markets. And when it comes to the volume development, we expect a further sequential improvement in the course of 2024. We already talked
today about that we said in our Q3 call that we are striving in Q4 for a slight positive or flat development in volume for Adhesive Technologies -
and we delivered on that with the 0.2% in volume and the 2.6% in pricing and that's a clear point.

And the point is we have been attracting a lot of customer wins at the end of 2023, with impact in 2024. And that is also one of the points why we
are expecting a positive pricing and volume for both parts. And that's not only valid for 2024, because part of the wins which we are making are
related to industries where you have also longer-term impact not only a year because you have won certain pitches in that context. I hope that
clarifies the gross profit and the pricing. And Marco, maybe you clarify -- you already did it in your speech, but maybe it's good to emphasize again
on that topic of FX in terms of impact on top and bottom line.

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CFO, Executive VP of Finance, Purchasing & Global Business Solutions and Member of Mgmt. Board

Guillaume, so your question on FX. So we basically said that we anticipate a mid single-digit negative impact on sales, on top line. And the impact
on the bottom line is expected to be slightly more pronounced. So a bit higher, but not as strong as last year.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Christian Faitz with Kepler Cheuvreux.

Christian Faitz - Kepler Cheuvreux, Research Division - Equity Analyst

Two questions, please. First of all, why keep the dividend "just" stable with such a comfortable cash flow and debt situation? And my second
question is: The roughly EUR 350 million of sales of flatter performing products in Consumer Brands that still are to be divested as part of your EUR
1 billion portfolio measure program - can you give us a rough idea of what time frame we are looking at when the remaining divestments are
announced?

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Christian, so maybe starting with the dividend part and I start a little bit earlier now, earlier means going back. You know that we are one of the
founding members of the DAX, before the DAX 30 and now DAX 40. And there has been not one single year since 1985 since Henkel has ever
decreased the dividend, means it has been always either stable or increasing. And also in the very difficult years related to COVID or the Russian
war or the supply chain disruptions, we have been always stable while you have seen with a lot of other companies a quite volatile situation of the
dividend proposal. By that, we even went above our target range of the 30% to 40% range, which is a very attractive one, and we went above that
because in order to give our shareholders a stable and sustainable solution related to that.

And that means that we are trying to get back into that corridor again. Therefore, you see still a very attractive dividend for this year being stable.
And on top, I think it's very clear we want to invest in our business as well. And when it comes to capital allocation, you have seen what we announced
the last couple of months - with the last 3 acquisitions over the last 4 months, spending more than EUR 1.5 billion. Why? Because we want to foster
growth of our company, also related to the scale loss we had with the exit of Russia with EUR 1 billion business in that. And after this long answer,
I hope that helps and clarifies. Marco, are you open to take the portfolio question of Christian?

11

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CFO, Executive VP of Finance, Purchasing & Global Business Solutions and Member of Mgmt. Board

Sure. Christian, so your question was on the remaining EUR 350 million of sales that we put under review in Henkel Consumer Brands, and your
question was on which time frame. So basically that comprises, as you know, two parts; the discontinuations, but also divestments. On the
discontinuations, we strive for completing that by end of '24, i.e., end of this year, with the portfolio optimization in particular focusing on Laundry
& Home Care. On the divestment side, please understand we don't guide on the specific timeline as we need to make sure that we can realize
sufficient value, i.e., sufficient selling prices. But for sure, be assured from my point, I would like to finish that also rather sooner than later.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Iain Simpson with Barclays.

Iain Edward Simpson - Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Analyst

Firstly, just on volume and apologies if this has already been answered. Could you just remind us how we should be thinking about an all-in
Consumer Goods volume number in '24? Now you've clearly said that it will be flat or positive before portfolio measures. You've said that you hope
to complete that outstanding EUR 350 million of portfolio measures by the end of this year. But depending on when in the year that happens will
obviously kind of move the full year volume number. So I was just hoping if you could give us a little bit of help as to how we should think about
that reported volume number in Consumer for this year?

And secondly, the cash conversion is incredibly impressive to deliver what's basically sort of 130% cash conversion in terms of EUR 2.6 billion free
cash flow on EUR 1.8 billion of adjusted net income. I wondered if I could just dig a little bit into the moving parts there. So it looks like your cash
tax was quite a long way below your P&L tax. Just wondered if you could give any color on what's going on there and how to think about that
going forward? Net working capital you've covered, but there also seems to be a EUR 300 million-plus inflow from changes in other liabilities
provisions. Any color there would be welcome. I'm just trying to get a sense as to how we should think about cash conversion over the coming
years and any commentary on likely free cash flow in '24.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

The good thing as a CEO is you can take the point who takes what question. Anyway your second question is, I would say, a preferred question to
Marco - so Marco will take the second one and the first one I will take, the volume one. So first of all, and I start again in Q4. We told you what we
want to do. We promised certain things and we delivered. That means for Adhesives, we said for Q4, we see a slight positive volume in Q4 and you
see that in Q4. And in HCB, we said we are going towards the end of the year into flat to positive territories, taking into account the portfolio
measures and we delivered on that. So I think I already answered for 2024 how the situation in Adhesive Technologies is, with a more balanced
view between pricing and volume. So continuation of that positive volume trend, which we experienced in Q4 already and this is also something
what we expect for the full year.

Now moving to your volume question in the HCB sector for 2024. You already saw in the Hair category that we started to see positive volume
development in 2023. We also were going to that point during the presentation, and also market share gains in Styling - while in Laundry & Home
Care, the portfolio moves we started a little bit later in terms of the optimization measures. And thus in 2024, the ongoing portfolio optimization
will be more pronounced in that category and it goes without saying that we will have an impact on volumes and on market shares here in 2024.
Going back to the Hair part, the volumes in Hair we also foresee what we experienced in 2023, a positive territory for the volumes. So at the same
time, you have heard that we have been discontinuing and divesting businesses of around EUR 650 million in sales. So the remaining EUR 350
million are under review. And the statement of Marco was predominantly meant on the discontinuation part, that we want to close that until the
end of 2024 as we are not making any confirmation on divestments because it's, as always, difficult to say when a certain topic comes to the
conclusion. So it is very clear that we are on that journey and this journey is by no means at the end. We will continue to work on shaping our
portfolio, investing in the brand equity and in the innovations in the upcoming quarters. And we are very confident that this will lead us to an even
more profitable and faster growing business going forward, because the measures which we are taking are taking out portfolios, which are either

12

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

not growing or having as a second part not really a good profitability. And I hope that clarifies the whole situation in that context. And we are really
positive that what we are promising, the plan what we are having is executed.

And with this, handing over to Marco for the cash conversion question related to the free cash flow.

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CFO, Executive VP of Finance, Purchasing & Global Business Solutions and Member of Mgmt. Board

So Iain, let me try to answer that question on the cash flow. I mean what is clear, the free cash flow has been growing significantly and that is a
strong increase coming from the operating cash flow, and that is driven by better operating profits. You could also see that the EBITDA has moved
considerably up. But the second component, that was also pretty pronounced, was a better net working capital cash flow. And in '23, we recorded
a cash flow from working capital that was very, very strong and that is a bit of a rebound compared to what we have seen in last year, driven by
much better inventory levels that had a price component as well as a volume component - and the volume component was also influenced by lot
of measures driving also down volumes in regards to better efficiencies. So during COVID, there was a lot of safety stocks built in. I think that has
normalized also in the course of the year. So on working capital flows, clear rebound. And then on the taxes, we also saw lower cash outflow from
taxes, for example, and that was also partly extraordinary, some refunds received in [2023] (corrected by company after the call) and some inflows
on other tax receivables that also helped us a bit. And that other tax receivable that related to VAT that is included also in the net working capital
and other components line of the cash flow statement. So a couple of extraordinary impacts for sure on 2023 that won't automatically repeat, a
bit of rebound of the rather low cash flow we had in 2022. Overall, we think that the free cash flow will normalize. We don't guide for a specific
number, but it's clear that 2023 was rather extraordinary due to the reasons mentioned.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of David Hayes with Jefferies.

David Hayes - Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst

If I could be slightly cheeky and ask two follow-ups and two actual questions. Just on the follow-ups. On FX, you mentioned not as bad as last year.
Can I just clarify: Do you mean the leverage effect on FX is not as bad as last year? I think 4.3% on sales is about 7% operating profit impact. So is it
the absolute level or the leverage effect that's less significant? And then just following up on the SKU rationalization, you say divestments and
discontinued. I know the timing is obviously sensitive, you made the point. But can you give us a sense of whether divestments will be 50% and
discontinued about 50%, just so it comes on the quantum of what that EUR 350 million is made up by.

And then on the two questions, the Consumer volumes in the fourth quarter down over 2%. Are there any areas of disappointment that you'd call
out that's slower to recover in terms of either category and/or region and where you expect most improvement therefore in 2024? And then my
final question is on marketing spend. I know you don't give that explicitly, but I think you can give us a bit of a sense of where marketing was up
in '23, what sort of percentage and maybe what that is versus 2019 roughly as a base point and then similarly whether the budget for '24 is a similar
increase as '23 or whether that now fades a little bit because a lot of that marketing spend increase has got to a more optimal level?

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

David, so I'll let Marco talk about the FX question and I take first the volume part and then also the marketing spend. So I already talked quite a lot
about the volume development. In line with the previous communication, volumes further improved. As I mentioned that sequentially during the
year and especially also Q4 versus Q3 in both businesses and we reached the flattish territory, taking the portfolio things into account for the HCB
business. And we're considering that this volume will be also, as we mentioned before, taking the portfolio effects into account - also flattish to
slightly positive in 2024. And for sure it is related to the portfolio measures. And I hope you understand I will not disclose now on a regional basis
where we're taking this portfolio measures at this point of time. And therefore, these measures, which are still quite significant in the Laundry &

13

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

Home Care part for 2024, will have then the impact on the volume development. To your question to the marketing spend, as you pointed out,
we're not disclosing that now, but you made the reference to 2019.

And here I can tell you for 2023 in absolute, but also in relative terms, we have been significantly above the level what we have seen between 2015
and 2019, 2020. You know that we made the first margin reset in 2020 where we also related that to more investment, which we did. We have seen
a double-digit increase in 2023 versus 2022 for the marketing spend. And to your question for 2024 - while not disclosing the detailed numbers,
but for sure, our approach is that we will keep up with this level what we have seen in 2023. And another part is also driven by the valorization of
our HCB portfolio, bringing more value, and we're supporting these for sure valorization activities also with more support on that. And you know
with the portfolio measures, we have less brands, we have less activities and by that, we can spend the money what we're having on these lesser
or fewer brands and by that have a more significant impact on that. I hope, David, that clarifies. And with this, handing over to Marco for the FX
part.

Marco Swoboda - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CFO, Executive VP of Finance, Purchasing & Global Business Solutions and Member of Mgmt. Board

David, so on the FX, I try to respond to that. So on FX side, we actually said that we do expect roughly - order of magnitude - mid single-digit effect
on the top-line, and that part, as you can imagine, is actually quite hard to predict. That's our assumption that we have made now also based on
the high volatility we have seen also in the last years. So, mid-single digit roughly on the top-line and a bit more pronounced on the bottom-line.
So that's what we can say to currencies. But again, I think to be able to really forecast currencies actually well is quite unique. So I think you need
to take an assumption that is now ours based on the last year's experiences.

Operator

Today's last question comes from the line of Victoria Petrova. Bank of America.

Victoria Petrova - BofA Securities, Research Division - Head of European HPC, Food & Tobacco and Research Analyst

I have two short questions. My first one is again on your organic growth guidance of 2% to 4%, and my understanding is that volumes in Adhesives
would be positive and ex-portfolio would be positive in Consumer Brands. You have talked about valorization, about the mix. What was approximately
the mix impact on organic growth in 2023, and should we expect an acceleration of mix contribution in Consumer Brands specifically? And maybe
if you could elaborate on Adhesives as well, that would be great, how we should think about it into 2024? My second question is again on free cash
flow generation, flat dividend and over EUR 1 billion investments already in 2024. How should we think about your M&A strategy? You obviously
have Critica Infrastructure and Seal for Life Industries, you have Shiseido and Vidal Sassoon. My understanding is that a lot of adhesive acquisitions
are very welcome. On Consumer Brands, it's a little bit of subject of the brands you're acquiring and how fast and profitably you could integrate
them. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit on your priorities in 2024? Should we expect more Adhesive acquisitions? And also what is your main
KPI for Vidal Sassoon acquisition in 2024?

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Victoria, I take the two questions. So, first one on OSG, the 2% to 4%. You have also seen that the midpoint of that is slightly or is ahead or above
the current consensus. So I think we are very positive on our organic sales growth going forward. Your question on the valorization, or better to
say, on the mix part, I ask for your understanding that we are not disclosing the exact numbers. But what I can tell you is that there is for sure a mix,
a positive impact because of our Hair contribution -that the Hair part, as I mentioned before, is already driving or delivering better results, also with
positive volumes what we just said for 2023. And for sure, also in general, the portfolio measures are paying off in the direction of heading more
towards more and better mix in that context.

When it comes to your second question, on M&A, I think you said everything in terms of what is right. When it comes to 2024, you asked for priorities
and while I was in the past -- in the past, I mean in last year in terms of first, we need to do our homework in HCB in terms of executing the portfolio

14

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.



MARCH 04, 2024 / 8:00AM, HNKG_p.DE - Q4 2023 Henkel AG & Co KGaA Earnings Call

measures, bringing the strategy into execution, bringing everything into life -- I think 2023 has shown that we have made significant steps forward
in terms of executing synergies, bringing the organization into the right setup. So from that point of view, HCB is also well positioned to take also
further M&A activities. Therefore, there is going forward to 2024 no big difference between HCB and Henkel Adhesives. In that context, it is now
really the point of what are attractive targets and what is really on our list and the negotiation. So there is no prio. In Adhesive Technologies, you
have seen we are moving also a little bit more into adjacencies. A good example is the platform we have now created with MRO - maintenance,
repair, overhaul - ; taking our own business and adding two with Critica and with Seal for Life, two great examples on that.

And it's for sure also important that we want to expand our regional footprint and this is something, which is more valid for HCB and that's also
why you see Shiseido and Vidal Sassoon - both in our two global categories and they're also in a highly attractive growing market of Asia. And
that's also the reason, because you asked also for Vidal Sassoon. Vidal Sassoon I think has a great brand equity, is absolutely fitting in the world
between professional and retail. That's something where our strength is definitely existing, with Schwarzkopf and all the other brands playing in
both segments, and that helps us and that supports us also here in the priorities for that end. I have also to say the acquisitions are margin-accretive,
which we did in that context, and that is our strategy. So no big differences in priorities between HAT and HCB for 2024 and going forward. I hope
that clarifies, Victoria.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Knobel for any closing remarks.

Carsten Knobel - Henkel AG & Co. KGaA - CEO & Chairman of the Management Board - Henkel Management AG

Thank you for your questions. And in a short summary, it's not only about having great results achieved in 2023 and having also a guidance -- or I
would say an ambitious guidance for 2024. It's also related that we had a fantastic -- a really good start in months of Jan and Feb for both businesses
and by that for overall Henkel. So with that, let me close and remind you of the upcoming financial reporting dates. We are looking forward to
connecting with you again in May, when we will comment on the business performance in the first quarter. And with this, I would like to thank
you for joining our call today. Have a good day. Take care and goodbye.

Operator

You may now disconnect your lines. Goodbye.

D I S C L A I M E R

Refinitiv reserves the right to make changes to documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any person of such changes.
In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number of important factors and risks, which are more
specifically identified in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the
assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking statements will be realized.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION,
THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES REFINITIV OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
©2024, Refinitiv. All Rights Reserved. 15901548-2024-03-12T10:59:00.547

15

REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us

©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written
consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies.