The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Friday, April 19, 2024 1:30 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 6

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o4b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division Mark Stiefel Astrachan

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Bonnie Lee Herzog Incorporated, Research Division
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division Olivia Tong Cheang

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Brett Young Cooper Research Division
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Peter K. Grom
Bryan Douglass Spillane UBS Investment Bank, Research
BofA Securities, Research Division Division

Callum Elliott Robert Edward Ottenstein
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division Research Division

Christopher Michael Carey Stephen Robert R. Powers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Research Division Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian Sunil Harshad Modi
Morgan Stanley, Research Division RBC Capital Markets, Research

Division
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning and welcome to Procter & Gamble's Quarter-End Conference Call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results to differ materially from these projections. As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs
to make you aware that during the discussion, the company will make a number of references to non-
GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble believes these measures provide investors with
useful perspective on underlying business trends, and has posted on its Investor Relations website,
www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today is John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations.
Execution of our integrated strategy drove solid sales and market share results and another quarter of
strong earnings and cash results. The strong results we've delivered in the first 3 quarters of fiscal '24
enable us to raise our outlook for core earnings per share and keep us on track to deliver within our fiscal
year guidance ranges for organic sales growth, cash productivity and cash return to shareowners.
Specifically on the numbers. Organic sales grew 3%. Volume was in line with prior year, showing
sequential progress. Pricing contributed 3 points to sales growth as we continue to annualize price
increases taken last fiscal year. Mix was neutral to organic sales growth, and growth across categories
continues to be broad-based with 8 of 10 product categories holding or growing organic sales in this
quarter.
Grooming organic sales grew double digits; Home Care and Hair Care up high singles; Oral Care grew mid-
single digits; Fabric Care, Family Care, Feminine Care and Personal Health Care were up low singles; Skin
and Personal Care and Baby Care organic sales were lower versus prior year.
Growth was also broad-based across geographies. North America, Europe and Asia Pacific Focus Markets
and Latin America and Europe Enterprise Markets are each growing organic sales. Global aggregate value
share was up versus prior year with 29 of our top 50 category country combinations holding or growing
share. Focus Markets grew organic sales 2% for the quarter and Enterprise Markets grew 4%.
Organic sales in North America grew 3% with 3 points of volume growth. Over the last 4 quarters, volume
growth in North America has been plus 2%, plus 3%, plus 4% and now plus 3%. These results include
over 1 point of impact from retail inventory reductions primarily in Personal Health Care. Consumer
demand for P&G brands remains very strong in the U.S. with all outlet consumption value growth of 5%.
All outlet value share was up 10 basis points versus prior year. U.S. volume share was up 40 basis points,
reflecting continued strong volume growth ahead of the underlying market. The gap between consumer
offtake of 5%, compared to our U.S. sales growth of 3%, reflects the aforementioned trade inventory
reductions in the quarter.
Europe Focus Markets were up 7% with 4 points of volume growth. Value share in Europe Focus Markets
was up 100 basis points over the past 3 months.
Latin America organic sales were up 17%. Argentina is a significant contributor to this result given the
pricing taken to offset the more than 400% devaluation of the Argentine peso since the start of the year.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Mexico and Brazil are annualizing high base periods with organic sales growth in the 20s and 30s, and we
expect to normalize back to pre-COVID levels in the mid- to high single digits.
As we noted last quarter, there are some specific issues affecting other markets. Those challenges
continue to impact results in the quarter. Greater China organic sales were down 10% versus prior year,
progress versus the December quarter, but still impacted by weak underlying market conditions and
headwinds for SK-II and other Japanese brands in the market. SK-II sales in Greater China were down
around 30% for the quarter. We have seen some month-to-month improvement in overall Greater China
sales trends, though we expect it will be another quarter or 2 until we return to growth.
Volume trends in some of the European enterprise and Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa countries, such as
Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Indonesia and Malaysia, have remained soft since the start of the heightened
tensions in the Middle East. Also shipments in Russia continued to decline double digits given our reduced
footprint and curtailed investments with consumers and retailers.
Combined, the headwinds from Greater China and Asia, Middle East, Africa markets were a 150 basis point
impact on total company sales for the quarter. We expect these headwinds to moderate or annualize over
the coming periods.
Moving to the bottom line. Core earnings per share were $1.52, up 11% versus prior year. On a currency-
neutral basis, core EPS increased 18%. Core gross margin increased 310 basis points and operating
margin increased 90 basis points. Strong productivity improvement of 320 basis points enabled continued
strong investment in superior products, packaging and consumer communication to drive market growth.
Currency-neutral core operating margin increased 220 basis points. Adjusted free cash flow productivity
was 87%.
We returned $3.3 billion of cash to shareowners, approximately $2.3 billion in dividends and $1 billion
in share repurchase. Over 3 quarters, more than $10 billion returned to shareowners in dividends and
repurchases. Last week, we announced a 7% increase in our dividend, again, reinforcing our commitment
to return cash to shareowners. This is the 68th consecutive annual dividend increase and the 134th
consecutive year P&G has paid a dividend.
In summary, against what continues to be a challenging and volatile operating environment, strong
overall results enabling us to increase our earnings projections for the year and to maintain our guidance
ranges for organic sales and cash generation, all while sustaining strong investment in superiority to build
category consumption and to restore business growth in China and in the Middle East.
Our teams continue to operate with excellence, executing the integrated strategy that has enabled
strong results over the past 5 years, and that is the foundation for balanced growth and value creation. A
portfolio of daily-use products, many providing cleaning, health and hygiene benefits in categories where
performance plays a significant role in brand choice. Ongoing commitment to and investment in Irresistible
Superiority across the 5 vectors of product: Package, brand communication, retail execution and value for
each price tier where we compete.
We are again raising the bar on our superiority standards to reflect the dynamic nature of this strategy.
Productivity improvements in all areas of our operations to fund investments in superiority offset cost and
currency challenges, expand margins and deliver strong cash generation. An approach of constructive
disruption and willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies that will shape our
industry for the future. Finally, an organization that is empowered, agile and accountable.
We continue to improve the execution of the integrated strategy with 4 focus areas: Strong progress on
Supply Chain 3.0, digital acumen, environmental sustainability, and a superior employee value equation.
These 4 focus areas are not new or separate strategies. They simply strengthen our ability to execute the
strategy.
Our strategic choices on portfolio, superiority, productivity, constructive disruption and organization,
reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow markets which in turn grow share, sales
and profit. We continue to believe that the best path forward to deliver sustainable top and bottom line

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

growth is to double down on this integrated strategy, starting with a commitment to deliver Irresistibly
Superior propositions to consumers and retail partners fueled by productivity.
Moving on to guidance. As I mentioned, we expect the environment around us to continue to be volatile
and challenging, from input costs to currencies, to consumer, retailer, and geopolitical dynamics. However,
our strong results year-to-date enable us to raise or maintain key guidance metrics for the year.
We're maintaining our guidance range for organic sales growth of 4% to 5% for the fiscal year. We're
squarely in the middle of this range fiscal year-to-date. This outlook assumes continued normalization in
underlying market growth rates that we've seen over the past few quarters: Markets will be lapping the
last waves of cost recovery pricing and volumes slowly begin to recover. We also expect the market-level
changes we faced through quarter 3 to continue in Q4, though with some directional improvement.
On the bottom line, enabled by 15% core EPS growth year-to-date, we are raising our outlook for fiscal
'24, core earnings per share from a range of 8% to 9% to a range of 10% to 11%. This outlook includes
continued strong investments in innovation and brand building to grow markets and extend the superiority
of P&G offerings to consumers. We now estimate commodities will be a tailwind of around $900 million
after tax in fiscal '24 based on current spot prices. This is a modest improvement versus the outlook we
provided last quarter, though nearly all of this benefit has been booked in the first 3 quarters of the year.
We now expect foreign exchange to be a headwind of approximately $600 million after tax for the fiscal
year. The change versus prior guidance reflects volatility in Argentina exchange rates, including a period
of currency appreciation in quarter 3 and a revised devaluation outlook for quarter 4. We also reflect a
reduction in Argentina FX exposure due to the divestiture of our Argentina Fabric and Home Care business
which we completed in mid-March, and reduced assumptions for future volume and pricing given the
current rate outlook and recent shipment trends. The net impact of these changes is a relatively modest
help to the bottom line, which is reflected in our updated EPS outlook.
We expect higher net interest expense of approximately $100 million after tax versus prior year. General
inflation and higher wage and benefit costs are also earnings headwinds for the year. We expect adjusted
free cash flow productivity of 90%. And we expect to pay more than $9 billion in dividends, to repurchase
$5 billion to $6 billion in common stock. Combined, a plan to return $14 billion to $15 billion of cash to
shareowners for the year.
This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange
rates. Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruption or major
production stoppages are not anticipated within these guidance ranges.
Finally, we'll be closely watching the more volatile regions we mentioned earlier, including the health of the
China market. And we'll be keeping a close watch on competitive dynamics to ensure P&G brands remain a
superior value for consumers and for retailers.
The entire P&G organization remains focused on excellent execution of our integrated market-constructive
strategy, which has delivered strong results in a challenging operating and competitive environment. While
we expect volatile consumer and macro dynamics to continue, we are confident the best path forward is to
double down on this strategy, remain fully invested to drive Irresistible Superiority across every part of our
portfolio, and stay focused on delivering balanced top and bottom line growth and value creation for our
shareowners.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
Andre, I wanted to talk a little bit about market growth versus market share. So first off, if you could
just -- I know you said volatile a few times. But just if you could give us a sense for sort of a high-level
expectation for global market growth over the next 12 months.
And then digging in a little bit more specifically. You shared -- you offered comments on share
performance, particularly in North America and also in Europe Focus. But I was curious if you could talk
maybe about market share trends or the degree you can tell in China. And maybe let's talk about it
excluding SK-II because I think that's an issue unto itself. but just a sense of P&G's performance versus
the China market overall. And since it's been lagging for quite a while, arguably, things that you guys are
seeing, addressing, doing differently or considering doing differently to shift that trend.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Very good. Lauren, so let me start with overall consumption strength because it really is and continues
to be strong. The consumption trends in the markets are stable despite multiple headwinds, and P&G is
growing consumer offtake in terms of value share in 29 of our top 50 category country combinations.
Globally, we are growing value share by 10 basis points. And the consumption trends are really strong
across markets with few exceptions, which we'll get into. U.S. consumption in quarter 3 was 5%, and P&G
value share is up. So our consumption actually grew ahead of that, both in terms of value and in terms
of volume, actually with volume share being up 40 basis points on all outlet in the most recent period.
So continued strength in consumption trends in North America and continued strength in terms of P&G
performance within that consumption.
Europe Focus Markets consumption is in the range of 8% to 9%, also very strong. And we are growing
by more than a share point within that market. Both volume growth very strong with 4 points in the
quarter and 3 points of price/mix. And Europe Enterprise Markets are growing. And so the business from a
consumption standpoint, which really for us is the most important metric, is in a good place.
We continue to deal with very specific headwinds in quarter 3 that we've discussed already in quarter 2,
but they continue. There's a soft market consumption in China. We'll get more into that to the second part
of your question. SK-II continues to be a headwind in the quarter, and we see some impact from tensions
in the Middle East. When you sum it all up, that's about 1.5-point impact on the global top line. And then
we have the inventory reduction in North America, which is about 1 point on the global top line as well.
And if you put it together, 2 conclusions. One, the headwinds that we're calling out are temporary in
nature. So first of all, the inventory reduction, which is a point on the top line. We expect that to be
a single event, not a continued phenomena to observe. It was mainly driven by Personal Health Care
because the supply situation is stabilizing after a softer season so retailers don't need to hold safety stock.
And the headwinds in China on SK-II and in the Middle East will ease over time and eventually annualize
over the coming quarters.
That does not mean that we will ignore any of the headwinds. We are fully focused on accelerating growth
in China on SK-II and driving sustainable growth in Asia and Middle East markets, but it explains that we
can hold our organic sales growth guidance at 4% to 5%. We're very confident in that. And fiscal year-to-
date, as we mentioned in the script, we're right at that level.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Last point on that topic. We remain fully invested, and the gross margin progress the team has made is
actually enabling us to continue to double down on investments to drive market growth and drive our own
consumption and share within that.
Specifically on China, to the second part of your question, Lauren. I think it's a good way to look at China
excluding SK-II, as you suggest. We are making sequential progress. The share in the most recent read is
flat. And our shipments or our organic sales in China are improving quarter-over-quarter.
If you look at quarter 2, our organic sales excluding SK-II in China were down 10%. In the most recent
quarter, they were down 3%. So we're making progress. The market is not yet recovering, but we see the
trajectory going in the right direction.
We have pockets of strength. Baby Care, for example, in China, has grown 11% in the current quarter.
Our appliance business growing 14%. We are making strong investments in our Hair Care business with
a more streamlined portfolio. And we feel good about our ability to continue to drive market growth,
be market-constructive in China, and see the upside as we've articulated before on a longer term
participating in the Chinese market.
Will it be a straight line to recovery? No. It probably takes a few more quarters before we turn back to
growth. But we see the trend line improving.
Operator
The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Andre, I think you mentioned that nearly all of the commodity benefits that you expected this year, you've
essentially fully benefited from through the third quarter. And we've seen year-to-date in the calendar
year, [ spot price of oil on investments and production costs ]. So I guess just some thoughts on that in
terms of how that impacts your early planning for fiscal '25.
And maybe sort of related to that, just your confidence in your view, visibility into the productivity
pipeline. And can we expect, and do you have confidence, you can run at an accelerated cadence of
productivity over the next 12 to 18 months as well based on that pipeline?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. So commodity benefits, as we've mentioned in the script and you correctly state, have been really
impacting fiscal year-to-date results. Any remaining change, and we see, obviously, the impact of oil
running up a little bit and also other commodities like pulp, for example, where the supply situation is
a little bit tighter, are coming up. There will be some impact on the current fiscal year. But given flow-
through of contracts and various holding policies, I expect that to be limited. And we've anticipated that
within our updated guidance ranges. So no impact to the current fiscal year.
Obviously, if spot prices hold, you correctly state it will have an impact on next year. But I do feel strongly
about our ability, and I think we've proven it over the past 2 years, that with a combination of strong
innovation, good reasonable pricing, combined with that innovation and strong productivity, whatever
comes our way, we'll be able to handle.
On the productivity pipeline, I feel very good about where we are. We have now across all businesses, a
3-year, what I would call a productivity master plan, which is something that we invested a lot of energy
and time on in each business to make sure that we generate enough ideas, even those that take longer to
implement, specifically as we work with our retail partners and we work with our supply chains to really
fundamentally improve the efficiency of some of our combined processes.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

We have great visibility over 3 years. The top line is sufficient to what we need it to be. So the part I feel
really strong about is productivity. It's fully in our control. And I think the teams are doing a great job
creating projects and creating visibility to a very strong pipeline over the coming years.
Operator
The next question is from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Andre, I was hoping if you can elaborate a little bit more on the flat price/mix in the U.S. in fiscal 3Q, if
are you seeing any down-trade within your portfolio? Or is that self-inflicted as you offer more IGM on the
lower price points? Or anything about packing that we should be aware of?
And also related to that, I saw you mentioned in your release about the pricing-related volume declines in
Baby Care. Is that mostly China? Is there anything you can elaborate? Or is that also the U.S.?
And I think to Steve's commentary about commodities and question about commodities, anything you can
talk to us regarding the lag that we're going to see that coming through into fiscal '25?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Andrea, look, the flat price/mix contribution to organic sales growth in the U.S. is an outcome of simply
annualizing the price increases that we had taken in previous periods. That was anticipated. And it's
consistent with what we're seeing in terms of the construction of the market growth across the U.S. The
volume component is coming up, getting closer to about 2%. And the value component is coming down.
Different players have priced at different points. So that's really the differential between market and us.
There is no trade-down of note that I -- that we can observe. Private-label shares -- value shares are
actually very stable, 16.4% past 1 month and 16.4% past 12 months. So consumers are not trading down
within the U.S. towards private label. And if anything, we continue to see, when consumers trade into
P&G, which they continue to do because both volume share up strongly in the U.S., and value share up,
once they trade into P&G propositions, they continue to trade up actually within those propositions. Be it
from liquid detergent to unit dose to PowerMop. So we continue to observe that. So no worries in terms of
trade-down.
On Baby specifically, look, Baby is annualizing a very strong base period and obviously was heavily
exposed to the commodity run-up, and therefore took pricing, and in combination with productivity and
strong innovation.
The volume decline, I would say, is really differential by region. If you look at China, the business is
growing very strongly. It's actually 11% growth in the quarter, share growth of more than 1 point in China,
and that's with birth rates contracting. So the portfolio strength in China is remarkable.
When I look at the U.S., the premium tier, so when you look at Swaddlers, you look at Cruisers and
Cruisers 360, those -- that -- those tiers we have been innovating in very strongly over the past 12, 15
months, and they are growing. They are growing share and they are growing sales.
Where we have an opportunity in the U.S. is on the mid-tier, on Luvs for example. We have not been able
to push the full innovation pipeline out for different reasons. And that's what the team really is focused
on, to reestablish superiority on those few businesses where we feel that we let value get a little bit out of
sync with what the consumer needs. But the plans are there, so now it's a matter of execution.
So we feel very good overall about the Baby Care business. Strong innovation pipeline, and that I think
will address the isolated superiority gaps that we might have.
On commodities, it's very difficult to say when they would actually flow through. I think it's safe to say
that there's at least 60 to 90 days of delay. Many of the commodities will take longer to flow through

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

simply because of contracts structures that use certain trigger points or holding periods. So I would say at
least 60 to 90 days. For many of them, probably longer. The only one that tends to flow through quickly is
fuel, diesel, obviously, because it's captured in transportation.
Operator
The next question is from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
We just touched on pricing, maybe we can switch to the volume side. Could you just talk about your level
of visibility and perhaps a bit of magnitude that you're expecting in Q4 in terms of returning to volume
growth going forward? Obviously, a flat result this quarter, but there were some items that depressed
volume that get better going forward in terms of U.S. inventory, SK-II weakness, et cetera. So just looking
for some perspective going forward, particularly as pricing presumably continues to decelerate a bit.
And also maybe you can just touch on, given the heavy marketing this year, presumably with the SG&A
increases, the level of payback and ROI you think you're getting on that higher marketing in terms of
volume.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
On the volume side, look, I think the effects that we described that are holding us back in the current
quarter, the inventory effect in the U.S. of 2 points, which is 1 point on a global basis, I don't expect that
to hold. So I expect the U.S. to continue to grow in terms of volume beyond the 3% that we're seeing in
the current quarter. I expect some of the negative headwinds in China, the Middle East and SK-II hopefully
will improve sequentially.
But in aggregate, I fully expect the markets to continue to recover, shift more towards volume growth as
we've seen consistently over the recent periods. And since we're growing or holding volume share in most
geographies, that will also flow into our results. So sequential progress on volumes. Many open questions
still, but I expect the line to point upwards.
On marketing spend, you're right, we continue to invest in reach, frequency with strong quality of
communication across the markets. We are very diligent in pre-ROI analysis and very diligent in post-
event analysis to ensure that we understand whether the spending is effective. And if you look at the
results, I would argue it is.
The strongest combinations of great product innovation with a very sharp consumer insight, translated
into a great copy, drives strong results. So if you look for example at our Skin and Personal Care business,
Old Spice and Secret Total Body deodorant, great consumer insight, great product, great packaging,
strong communication, and the business is growing 11% in North America.
If you look at our Home Care portfolio, those are categories that are expandable. With PowerMop, for
example, getting new users to use Febreeze plug-ins, those marketing investments grow the market and
they grow our share within the market. So expandable categories is a big investment area for us.
So we continue to drive high levels of discipline. We will not spend if there's no ROI. And you're right,
we're watching the same and asking the same question to ensure that we remain on the right side of that
line.
Operator
The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Maybe, Andre, just to pick up on that last point. I guess if we think about year-to-date and I guess as
it translates to the full year and the base, we have some headwinds that shouldn't recur, right. The
weakness in corporate, chemicals, the destock that you just mentioned, SK-II I guess being more negative
than overall market in China for the reasons we know. So I guess, as we kind of think about next year,
right, and confidence in being able to be in line with long-term organic sales targets, is -- does the comps
make it easier? Should we be thinking about the macro environment maybe not being supportive? Just try
to put some context around the organic sales growth this quarter, right, which decelerated from the last
quarter. And just is there anything we should be thinking about as we move -- we start thinking about our
models for next year?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Bryan, I would point first to the market growth expectation, which we said we expect markets to be in the
range of 3% to 4% in terms of value growth. And that will be a combination of 2 points of volume and 1
to 2 points of price/mix. That is still our assumption. Our role per our growth algorithm is to be growing
slightly ahead of that by driving market growth, which in turn will drive share and a bigger part of us
leading the market. So that would be my answer.
On the current fiscal year, obviously, by reiterating guidance of 4% to 5% and being right in the middle
of that range fiscal year-to-date, that means mathematically, we expect quarter 4 to be in the 4% to 5%
range. And if you project that out, I think with the market growth dynamic I was describing, I think that
will give you a good starting point for next fiscal year.
Operator
The next question is from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
I just had a clarification on your guidance. You maintain your FY '24 organic sales growth of 4% to 5%,
but that implies a step-up of growth in Q4 to get to the high end of your range. So I guess I wanted to
clarify if you still expect to be at the high end. Or should we assume coming in at maybe the midpoint of
your top line guide for the year is more realistic?
And then maybe just a quick question on your SG&A expense, which did step up quite a bit during the
quarter. So just maybe hoping for a little more color on the drivers of this.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Bonnie, we did not reiterate the top end of the range, but we reiterated the range. And that means 5% is
still possible. Is it probable? I don't know, probably more 50-50 than it was before. So the range is valid. I
wouldn't point today at the top end of the range.
On the SG&A line, we continue to invest in marketing, as we discussed in previous question. And we really
saw an increase in our marketing spend of about 14% year-over-year. That's the main driver. It's offset by
productivity on the SG&A line. But really, I would point to continued investment -- productive investment
to drive market growth and push out our innovation, and that's the main driver of the SG&A increase that
you've seen.
Operator
The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
My question is about mix, which flattened out this quarter after about 1.5 years of improvement. So
clearly, you guys have been adamant that we're not seeing trade-down. But as you look at this, how much
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

of that is trade-up is just harder to do now? You've obviously done -- you've been very successful of late
with Powerwash and EZ-Squeeze and PODS, et cetera, et cetera. So is that becoming harder? And could
you talk about mix expectations over perhaps the next 12 months?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thanks, Olivia. I don't think the fundamental dynamic in terms of consumers trading into the P&G
portfolio and trading up is changing. We've not observed it over the past 2 years, and we've not seen it in
the most recent period.
There are some drivers and headwinds to mix. The biggest headwind I would mention is SK-II being down
30%. It's our highest value per -- or one of the highest value per unit items, and that obviously has a
material impact on mix. Outside of that, we really don't see in any of the regions a significant down-
trading within our portfolio. And as I mentioned in the U.S., we continue to see trade-up. Actually, the
premium tiers on Baby Care doing better. I mentioned that in the context of Luvs.
So we continue to think that the way that we innovate, providing value with innovation and showing the
superiority of our premium items in the portfolio is resonating with consumers. And as long as we do that
and as long as that value is real and tangible for consumers, I think we can hold on to that mix trend that
we've seen consistently.
Operator
The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Chris, are you still there? We can't hear you.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Can you hear me?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Now we can.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Okay. Just regarding the -- just one quick follow-up on the organic sales range for the full year. The slight
change -- and I know the range is still in scope. Can you just frame maybe how much of that was the
inventory dynamics in the U.S., maybe a little bit less pricing in Argentina, versus anything that has
fundamentally developed through the quarter?
And just connected to that, if you could, you mentioned the elasticity dynamics in Baby and Feminine Care
in the press release. Can you just comment on what you're seeing from a broader perspective? Specifically
as you may need to contemplate some incremental pricing next year with the moves we're seeing on the
cost side.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Chris. I think you gave the answer on the organic sales line. It's exactly that. I think Argentina, as
we said, the peso requires a little less pricing. That's an impact on organic sales. And the business is also
smaller and responding maybe more aggressively to the pricing. So that is one building block.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

The other building block, I think, is -- the biggest one is really the U.S. inventory reduction. So as I think
about the step-up that we need to see in order to be within that 4% to 5% range, we assume that, that
inventory reduction is a onetimer, and that's what we expect in the guidance range.
The elasticity in general is not changing. I think we've done -- and you see it in the results. I think the
teams have done a very good job of making sure that we maintain a healthy value equation for our retail
partners and our consumers with strong innovation, with pricing, only pricing where necessary, balancing
pricing with strong productivity. So I do feel overall the business is responding very favorably even after
we had to take the pricing that we took.
The volume is coming up as we would have expected both in the market and for P&G, and our biggest
geographies were growing volume share consistently. So I do feel overall the elasticity is doing well.
Baby is a very elastic category. And especially, as I mentioned, if -- we've not been able to consistently
innovate across all tiers. And that actually is a confirmation of the model. So where we've not been
able to push the innovation out and hold the full level of superiority as we took pricing, the consumer is
responding. And we know the answer to that, which is push the innovation that we know how to do and
communicate the superiority. And I'm confident that we'll recover the elasticity here. I don't see a broader
issue. Actually, I see a lot of upside with the strength of the innovation pipeline going into next year.
Operator
The next question comes from Callum Elliott with Bernstein.
Callum Elliott
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
I wanted to come back, please, to Andrea's question on trade-down. I think, Andre, you had pointed to
the stable private-label market share as a sign that there is no trade-down. And I want to push back on
that a bit. I think we all know that the consumers under the most pressure at the moment are the low-
income consumers, many of whom were probably already using private-label products in the first place.
And so my question is, is it not possible that volume reductions and cutbacks amongst the low-income
cohorts, sort of who were already using private label a year ago, are offsetting the trade-down impacts
and sort of masking that trade-down in that flat market share number that you're talking about? And that
could also explain why category growth has weakened so much.
And I guess, just to add to the question. I'm surprised that the private-label market share is the metric
that you're pointing to, to justify lack of trade-down. And just wondering, do you not track consumers
longitudinally over time to measure trade-down and what consumers are doing? And is private-label
market share really the best metric that we have to track this?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Fair questions, Callum. On the -- look, I'd be worried that the phenomena you're describing would be a
driver if, a, the volume in the market wasn't growing, which it is, and if we weren't able to grow volume
share but only grow value share. So I don't think that's the case. We're growing volume share. The
market is growing in terms of volume. And one of the hypothesis I would have for you is that a lot of our
consumers are actually not switching with private label heavily at this point in time.
On the metrics that we use, look, private-label share is the most visible metric that we can point to, and
it's also visible to you. So it's one that is convenient to use and objectively verifiable. So that's why we're
using it. Internally, obviously, we use a lot more detail. We track exact consumption by tier, by product
form, by retail channel. We check our share versus competitor share at that level of detail. So there's a lot
more internal discussion on do we see trade-down within our portfolio, do we see trade-down across our
portfolio with competitors to lower tiers? But private label is just the most visible and robust measure that
we can point to that is visible to you guys.
Operator
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

The next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
I wanted to go back to the U.S. market. The 5% consumption level was pretty strong and we see it in
tracked channel data. Are you expecting from a reported standpoint to get closer to that level in Q4 as you
don't have the negative impacts from the inventory? Or what are the puts and takes in Q4?
And then just specifically on laundry in the U.S., your largest category. There was some recalls in Tide
PODS recently. So maybe you could talk about any potential impact from that in Q4. And then longer
term, you announced the innovation on Tide evo. So maybe some color on the rollout of that brand and
the product and your expectations.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Filippo, you're right. We hope U.S. market growth continues in the high 4s, low 5s. And I think the
trend line is pointing in that direction. And unless we see any major inventory reduction, I would expect
us to continue to trend in that same direction. We are driving market growth in most of our categories in
the U.S., and that should mathematically then result in stable to increasing shares both on the volume and
value side. And that's certainly the objective the team has on all the U.S. businesses.
The laundry recall, it was a very limited recall on a packaging defect on one SKU on Tide PODS. Out of
an abundance of caution, the team decided to recall the product. It's no impact or very limited impact
actually on the quarter or the fiscal year. And again, that product itself is safe, so no issue with the
product. It was a small packaging defect, but in any case, the team decided to go ahead and recall.
We're very excited about the evo innovation. The fiber-spinning innovation has been one of our core
developments, so seeing it in market is exciting. But it's very early. So we run these test markets to
validate product-market fit, validate the commercial execution, validate everything from packaging color
to packaging sizes. And it will take us a few months before we have anything of substance. But yes, the
innovation is very exciting, but it will take time before it has an impact on overall laundry growth in the
U.S.
Operator
The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Two follow-ups. First, can you talk a little bit more about Europe? Very strong market and your results
have been extremely strong. So perhaps what's driving the strength of the market, your market share
gains? And is this something that you think can flow through into 2025?
And then second, kind of coming back on China. There's been significant channel shifts that we're noticing,
certainly in the beauty area. It's 50% to 60% online with TikTok being half of that. So kind of, number
one, wondering to what extent you're adapting to that and are prepared to adapt to that shift? And then
second, for the non-Beauty business, do you also see the online business moving to TikTok as well? And
maybe talk about your share online and off-line in those categories, the main categories in China.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Robert. Indeed, Europe results have been outstanding. Aggregate Europe, between Europe Focus
Markets and Europe Enterprise Markets, we now have, I think, 12 consecutive quarters of 5% or higher
growth, which is outstanding.
I think the strength of the business, maybe let me focus on the Focus Markets here for a minute. The
strength of the business has been consistent because of the execution of the team. Strong innovation
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

pushed out over an extended period of time as we were taking pricing. Very strong productivity work in
the region across every part of the P&L to limit the amount of pricing we needed to take. But brilliant
execution of the pricing that was taken, respecting key price points, respecting retailers' and consumer
constraints. And I think that's playing out.
We've also invested very strongly, probably more than ever, in terms of marketing support of those
innovations in the Focus Markets. And we are building the same digital capability in terms of consumer
targeting to become more effective and efficient with our spend in Europe that we've used in the U.S. for
an extended period of time. So all of those would be contributors to growth.
On the Enterprise Markets side, I would caution it's not without headwinds. Russia continues to be a
headwind that we called out with a reduced portfolio and very little support of the business. We have work
to do in Turkey as Turkey recovers from the heavy inflation-based pricing and some of the Middle East
outflow of tensions. So it's not without headwinds, but I think the underlying performance of the European
business continues to be strong and it's built the right way.
You're correct on the channel shifting in China. Obviously, Douyin is a significant driver, most heavily
probably in Beauty. We've been talking about this before. What we want to make sure is we keep a
healthy balance between building brand equity versus simply low-funnel transactional execution via KOLs
that only make sales via deep discounting but don't do anything for the brand equity or for our superiority
messaging. That's what we're doing.
We're building brand houses on Douyin. We're making sure that we have a good balance between
transactional communication and equity communication. We have innovation that is launching on Douyin
first. Head & Shoulders Premium would be a good example of most recent innovations. So we're playing
in the channel, but we're playing with a sense of value creation and balance between top line growth and
profitability.
The channel is relevant for other parts of the business as well, and the same principles apply. We
are careful to ensure that we are balanced across top line and bottom line, and we protect and grow
underlying brand equity.
Operator
The next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Maybe one quick housekeeping. Can you maybe just help us understand how much of the stronger
earnings guidance was related to the improvement in FX? Andre, I know the FX guidance became
more favorable. But I think you also mentioned you're reducing your exposure due to the divestiture in
Argentina. So I just want to make sure I understand the moving pieces as it relates to the FX impact on
the earnings range.
And then just a quick follow-up on SK-II in China. I think month-to-month improvement was mentioned.
So just any color you can provide on the exit rate relative to the 30% decline in the quarter, I think, would
be pretty helpful.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Okay. Peter, yes, the foreign exchange help is an interesting one because the $400 million reduction,
as we said, was all related to Argentina. And we had assumed in the previous guidance that whatever
exposure is generated in Argentina will have to be offset with pricing within the fiscal year in Argentina. So
as the assumption changes and the business size reduces, the net outcome to the P&L is very limited.
So yes, we saw a technical reduction because of the improving peso and the lower size of -- smaller size of
the business. The net effect to the P&L will be very limited because of the underlying assumption we made
from the very beginning, that we would offset that impact of FX via pricing in the market.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

SK-II in China is, I think, bottoming out in terms of the shipment pattern. As we said, we are about 30%
down in the quarter. It's very encouraging to see some positive signs in terms of consumer sentiment as
the team continues to innovate, the team drives very strong communication on the core benefit base of
the SK-II proposition, focusing on PITERA as a core ingredient and reason to believe. We are leveraging --
continue to leveraging the core consumer in China, very loyal to the brand, to amplify that messaging, and
it's starting to resonate. So we see positive signs.
It will take time until that translates into shipments though. I think retailers are sitting on a little bit of
stock. And I think they will be hesitant to order until they see good signs of consumption increases. So I
would caution, I don't expect this to be a fast recovery. This will take some time.
Maybe last point on SK-II. Outside of China, the business is doing very well. We're growing double digits in
Japan. So I think the fundamental proposition is healthy, we just have to sort through this period in China.
And again worth pointing, I think in the right direction, but it will take time.
Operator
The next question comes from Nick Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division
Just a few kind of housekeeping items. Andre, I just wanted to confirm that the destocking in the U.S. was
isolated to the Consumer Health business.
And then the other 2 questions I had, the Tide evo, the technology that you've developed, would that be
applicable to other brands and other cleaning solutions within the P&G portfolio?
And then just the final thing is, I think there's a lot of -- the theme I'm hearing just broadly from speaking
to investors around this call is the delta between obviously how P&G is performing and how everyone else
is performing. And I think the competition that you're dealing with, I think, generally are struggling for
volume growth.
So as you think about guidance, how much have you contemplated a step-up in competitive spend, right?
I understand the fact that you guys have the momentum and you're gaining share and the innovation is
working. But I just wanted to get an understanding of kind of how measured your guidance is in relation
to potential competitive response.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
All right. Thanks for the question, Nick. Destocking in the U.S. was broadly Personal Health Care-related.
That was the biggest effect. Again, an okay season, but significantly weaker than last year and generally
an industry-wide recovery of the supply chain. So if you're a retailer, you no longer see the need to hold
safety stock. You're convinced that when the season restarts and you need product, you can order and you
get it.
There was some of that also in the Tampax business, in the tampon business, as we have stabilized the
supply chain there, similar dynamic. And there was a little bit of destocking in Hair Care because we had
upstocking in the base. But the majority of it, to keep it simple, is Health Care.
Indeed, the evo technology, so the fiber-spinning technology, is a technology that can be applied in
broader context. We've applied it to facial cleaning in Beauty, and there are many other applications. This
is one of our platform technologies. If you think about it, the ability to spin chemistry into a fiber and
avoid water as a carrying agent has so many efficiencies and advantages in the chemistry that we can put
together and obviously in the logistics and cost side that, yes, we would want to apply it, but step by step.
We got to make sure the evo's proposition works well, and that's why we're in test market, and we talked
about this earlier.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Competitive spending, if done the right way, would be a good thing. If we see competitors innovate, if
we can see competitors communicate in market-constructive ways, drive incremental spend in marketing
dollars, that's a good thing. So we hope to see that.
On the promotion side, we don't really see a dynamic that would point to anyone escalating promotion. We
see stable depth of promotion in Europe, a little bit of increase in frequency. In the U.S., we are operating
at about 85% business sold on deal, which -- 85% indexed versus pre-COVID level, sorry. That's about
29% of business volumes sold on deal. And we see competitors at similar ranges, so -- and it's stable over
a period of time.
So again, if we see market-constructive spend, great. Nobody seems to have an interest in heavy
promotion at this point in time.
Operator
The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
I guess as we get towards the end of the call, putting a lot of it together, lots of information on volume, on
organic revenue, also why it should get better sequentially. I think putting that in the context of what your
earnings have grown year-to-date versus the guidance of 10% to 11% implying almost flat 4Q, I think
that suggests a very significant step-up in reinvestment or maybe in something else. So can you maybe
just try to reconcile each of those pieces?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Kaumil, the main driver here is the profile of some of the tailwinds and headwinds. I don't expect a
major step-up in spend quarter-over-quarter. I think we will sustain good investment levels. And again, as
I said, we will be ROI-driven. So it's up to the teams. But I don't expect a step up as the main explanation
of why Q4 looks different in terms of EPS growth.
The main driver is a lot of the commodity help has been booked in the front half of the year. And if
anything, there's a little commodity hurt coming in Q4. As we talked, oil potentially as reflected in diesel
rates, and maybe some of the pulp impact will hit this fiscal year.
And then the foreign exchange rate. So forget about Argentina, I think we've discussed that. But the
balance of the foreign exchange rate will mostly hit in the second half, and that's heavily in quarter 4.
And then the last element is just base period. So Q4 last year was very strong because of a different
profile. This profile looks a little bit different for the reasons I explained. But don't expect a material
change in spend behavior. It's really more of the macro drivers that impact the profile.
Operator
The next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
One follow-up on SK-II. Last quarter, you talked about your research suggesting that brand sentiment was
improving. I didn't hear that. I guess, is that still the case? Are you still doing more work on what's going
on, I guess, specific to what's happening in China?
And then more broadly, reinvestment has just been considerable this year, obviously, because gross
margin has expanded or at least some part against gross margins have expanded so much and allows you
to do that. As you think about the setup from here, commodities unknown, but probably not as big of a
tailwind, net-net, and pricing clearly not as big of a tailwind as it's been.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

So as you go into next year and you presumably have a little less gross margin to play with, how do you
think about what the reinvestment levels look like? And then what is the contribution? I mean, I know
it's a squishy question. But how much contribution do you think you've had from 300-plus basis points of
reinvestment back in the business to drive share volume, value, et cetera?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Mark, on SK-II, I think the brand sentiment has been sequentially improving. The work the team is
doing on innovation, on communication and credentialing, I think, is resonating with the consumer. And
as the overall sentiment towards Japanese brands is improving, we are also getting a bit more bold in the
breadth of the communication, the reach and frequency that we use. So I think all of that is pointing in the
right direction.
As I mentioned, I think the order behavior might lag. So we might see improvement in consumption
before we see improvement in shipment. So that's why I was cautioning that, while we see consumer
sentiment improving, that first has to translate in increased consumption, and that then has to translate
into increased orders and shipments, and that will take some time. So the team is doing the right work,
and I'm glad they're actually doing it in a very balanced way to ensure that we're rebuilding this brand for
the long term.
In terms of spending, I think this will really be done business by business, geography by geography, so to
give you an answer. The only thing I'd point to is we are planning on significant productivity to continue
in the marketing spend area. So that in and of itself would be somewhere between $400 million and $500
million of productivity in the space. That is always up for discussion. Do you reinvest or do you flow it
through? And it will really depend on the level of innovation we are able to drive. More innovation means
more spend and hopefully better return.
And I'll leave it at that in terms of the ROI. I think I've answered the question before. It's there in the
aggregate discipline of the categories. But I wouldn't want to go into more detail. I think it's really down to
the category country combinations at which we measure it and at which those decisions are made.
Operator
Today's final question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Young Cooper
Consumer Edge Research, LLC
I wanted to follow-on to Nik's question. Over the last 2 quarters, some of your peers or competitors have
talked about elevating their rate of growth. And you touched on this a bit before, but I was hoping you
could talk about the opportunity or capacity for category growth rates to elevate further if more players
are deploying a strategy than you execute. And how do we see that come through with respect to volume,
price, or mix? And then just finally, if there's anything that you need to do with respect to elevating
innovation or do anything in light of what may be a more competitive environment on that front.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thanks for the question. Look, I think if more of our competitors adopt a market-constructive
strategy and innovate and spend in that way, that's good for everyone. And if you look at the category
development globally, there's still so much opportunity to grow, even in the most developed markets,
to grow category penetration in places like fabric enhancers. So that is a big opportunity in many of the
markets where we play. The category development index is index 30 or maybe slightly higher. So there's
plenty of opportunity to be market-constructive. So that's a good thing.
We are constantly looking at our superiority and our innovation that's inherent in the strategy of
Irresistible Superiority. So we've talked about resetting the bar. We've done that with exactly that in mind:
What will it take for us to continue to be market-constructive, win consumers for the next 5 years, instead

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

of just looking back at the success we had over the past 5 years. So that is part of the growth model and
part of how the organization operates.
All right. Thank you for your time today. If you have additional questions, John, myself, will be available
during the day. Thank you for your time and thank you for your interest.
Operator
This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a
great day.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2024 EARNINGS CALL  APR 19, 2024

Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19