The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Friday, April 21, 2023 1:30 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 6

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n.......

a
..

g
....

e
..

r
..

.
...............................................................................................................................................

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM
COPYRIGHT © 2023, S&P CAPITAL IQ, A PART OF MCGRAW HILL FINANCIAL. 1



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the
Board

ANALYSTS Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,

Andrea Faria Teixeira Incorporated, Research Division
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division Olivia Tong Cheang

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Bryan Douglass Spillane Research Division
BofA Securities, Research Division

Peter K. Grom
Christopher Michael Carey UBS Investment Bank, Research
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Division
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Dara Warren Mohsenian Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Morgan Stanley, Research Division Research Division

Edward James Lewis Stephen Robert R. Powers
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division Division

Filippo Falorni Sunil Harshad Modi
Citigroup Inc., Research Division RBC Capital Markets, Research

Division
Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 2
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning, and welcome to Procter & Gamble's quarter-end conference call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results to differ materially from these projections.
As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs to make you aware that during the discussion, the
company will make a number of references to non-GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble
believes these measures provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business trends and has
posted on its Investor Relations website, www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today are Jon Moeller, Chairman of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer; and John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Execution of our integrated strategies drove strong results in the January to March quarter. Organic sales
grew across all 10 categories and in 6 out of 7 regions. Global aggregate market share is holding steady.
Productivity savings are accelerating and enabling sustained investment in the superiority of our brands.
In-market execution across all 5 vectors of superiority is strong and consistent: product, package,
communication, go-to-market and value. Superior offerings continue to pay benefits for our consumers
and retail partners and, in turn, for P&G shareholders. Progress against our plan enables us to increase
guidance for organic sales growth and cash return to share owners and to maintain guidance for core EPS
growth and free cash flow productivity.
Moving to third quarter numbers. Organic sales grew more than 7%. Pricing added 10 points to sales
growth, and mix was a modest positive contributor for the quarter. Volume declined 3 points, including a 1
point headwind from portfolio reduction in Russia.
Growth was broad-based across business units with each of our 10 product categories growing organic
sales. Feminine Care was up low teens. Personal Health Care, Home Care and Hair Care each grew double
digits. Grooming, Oral Care and Fabric Care grew high single digits. Baby Care was up mid-singles, and
Family Care and Skin and Personal Care grew low singles.
Growth was also broad-based across geographies with 6 of 7 regions growing organic sales. Focus markets
grew 5% for the quarter. Organic sales in the U.S. were up 6%, including modest unit volume growth.
Europe-focused markets were up 8%.
Greater China organic sales were up 2% versus prior year as the market begins to recover from COVID
lockdowns and as consumer confidence improves. We continue to expect further recovery as consumer
mobility increases over the coming quarters. Longer term, we expect China to return to mid-single
underlying market growth rates for our portfolio of categories.
Enterprise Markets were up 15% with Latin America up nearly 30%, and Europe enterprise markets up
low teens. This is the fourth consecutive quarter in which all 5 sectors grew organic sales double digits in
enterprise markets.
Global aggregate value share was in line with prior year with 30 of our top 50 category country
combinations holding or growing share. Excluding Russia, global value share was up 20 basis points.
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 3
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

In the U.S., all outlet value share was up 40 basis points versus prior year, with 8 of 10 categories holding
or growing share in the quarter. U.S. volume share is up 90 basis points versus the prior year driven by 2
points of absolute volume consumption growth in a market that is still down modestly versus prior year.
Strong U.S. share growth in Personal Care has been led by innovation on the native brand and deodorants
as well as successful extension into body wash. Cascade Platinum Plus has driven strong share growth in
auto dishwashing, and Dawn share continues to be up more than 1 point with ongoing leverage from the
powerwash and easy squeeze innovations. Vicks continues to be a growth leader in Personal Health Care,
and we've delivered strong share growth in the Metamucil and Pepto-Bismol brands.
In Europe, the new 4-chamber area of platinum pots are driving strong consumer demand in Fabric Care.
Fairy Power Spray is growing the dish category and building market share in Home Care. The new Gillette
Labs exfoliating razor, male and female intimate grooming innovations and cardboard packaging upgrades
are driving strong growth in Grooming.
Moving to the bottom line. Core earnings per share were $1.37, up 3% versus prior year. On a currency-
neutral basis, core EPS increased 13%, good progress as we faced $0.31 per share of cost and foreign
exchange headwinds in the quarter.
Core operating margin increased 40 basis points. That 150 basis points of gross margin expansion were
partially offset by SG&A investments and inflation impacts. Currency-neutral core operating margin
increased 160 basis points. Productivity improvements were a 290 basis point help to the quarter.
Adjusted free cash flow productivity was at 92%. We returned $3.6 billion of cash to share owners,
approximately $2.2 billion in dividends and $1.4 billion in share repurchase. Last week, we announced a
3% increase in our dividend, again, reinforcing our commitment to return cash to shareowners. This is the
67th consecutive annual dividend increase and the 133rd consecutive year P&G has paid a dividend.
In summary, against what is still a challenging cost and operating environment, continued good results
across top line, bottom line and cash for the third quarter. Our team continues to operate with excellence,
executing the integrated strategies that have enabled strong results over the past 4 years and that are
the foundation for balanced growth and value creation, a portfolio of daily use products, many providing
cleaning, health and hygiene benefits in categories where performance plays a significant role in brand
choice.
Ongoing commitment to and investment in irresistible superiority across the 5 vectors of product,
package, brand communication, retail execution and value. We are again raising the bar on our superiority
standards to reflect the dynamic nature of this strategy.
Productivity improvements in all areas of operations to fund investments in superiority offset cost and
currency challenges, expand margins and deliver strong cash generation. An approach of constructive
disruption, a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies that will shape our
industry for the future. Finally, an organization that is incredibly more empowered, agile and accountable
with little overlap or redundancy, flowing to new demands, seamlessly supporting each other to deliver
against our priorities around the world.
There are 4 areas we are driving to improve the execution of the integrated strategies: Supply Chain
3.0, digital acumen, environmental sustainability and employee value equation. These are not new or
separate strategies. They are necessary elements in continuing to build superiority, reduce cost to enable
investment and value creation and to further strengthen our organization.
Our strategic choices on portfolio, superiority, productivity, constructive disruption and organization
are interdependent strategies. They reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow
markets, which in turn grow share, sales and profit. We continue to believe that the best path forward to
deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth is to double down on these integrated strategies starting
with the commitment to deliver irresistibly superior proposition, consumers and retail partners.
Now moving to guidance. As we work towards the end of the fiscal year, we are cautiously optimistic.
We remain confident in our strategies and the organization's ability to execute them with excellence. We
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 4
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

continue to expect more volatility in the macro and consumer environment and expect sustained pressure
in costs and foreign exchange as we move forward.
On the whole, our consumer markets remained relatively resilient with U.S. and China volume trends
improving, but with inflation pressures in Europe weighing more heavily on consumption. We continue to
think the strategies we've chosen, the investments we've made and the focus on execution and excellence
have positioned us well to manage through this volatility over time.
Raw and packaging material costs, inclusive of commodities and supplier inflation, have largely stabilized
over the last few months but still remain a significant headwind versus last fiscal year. Based on current
spot prices and latest contracts, we now estimate a $2.2 billion after-tax headwind in fiscal '23.
Foreign exchange is also a significant year-on-year headwind, and rates since last quarter have moved
modestly against us. Based on current exchange rates, we now forecast a $1.3 billion after-tax impact to
the fiscal year.
Freight costs have moderated throughout the year, and we now expect them to be roughly in line with
prior year. Combined headwinds from these items are now estimated at approximately $3.5 billion after
tax or $1.40 per share, a 24 percentage point headwind to EPS growth for the year.
In addition to these impacts, we are also facing higher inflation in wages and benefits and higher year-on-
year net interest expense. We are offsetting a portion of these cost headwinds with price increases and
productivity savings. We are continuing to invest in irresistible superiority, and we are investing to improve
our supply capacity, resilience and flexibility.
As noted in the outset, our strong results over the first 3 quarters have enabled us to raise our organic
sales outlook and confirm our guidance ranges on EPS and cash. We are increasing our guidance for
organic sales growth from a range of 4% to 5% to approximately 6% for the fiscal year. This would put
fiscal '23 in line with 6% top line growth we've averaged over the last 4 years, which were 5, 6, 6 and 7
from fiscal '19 to '22, respectively.
On the bottom line, we're maintaining our outlook of core earnings per share growth in the range of in
line to plus 4% versus prior year. Significant headwinds from input costs and foreign exchange keep our
current expectations towards the lower end of this range. This guidance also reflects our intent to remain
fully invested to drive our superiority strategy and increase investments as value-creating opportunities
are available.
We continue to forecast adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90%. We now expect to pay nearly $9
billion in dividends and to repurchase $7.4 billion to $8 billion in common stock, combined a plan to return
$16 billion to $17 billion of cash to shareowners this fiscal year.
This outlook is based on current market growth estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates.
Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruptions, major
production stoppages or store closures are not anticipated within this guidance range.
To conclude, we continue to face highly volatile consumer and macro dynamics. We also continue to
see high year-over-year input costs, inflation in the upstream supply chain and in our own operations,
headwinds from foreign exchange, geopolitical issues and historically high inflation impacting consumer
budgets.
As we said before, we believe this is a rough patch to grow through, not a reason to reduce investment in
the long-term health of our business. We're doubling down on the strategy that has been working well and
is delivering strong results.
We continue to step forward. We remain fully invested in our business. We remain committed to driving
productivity improvements, to fund growth investments, mitigate input cost challenges and to deliver
balanced top and bottom line growth.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 5
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
Great. I wanted to talk a bit about productivity. Because over the last, I guess, 2.5, 3 years during the
pandemic and all the global supply chain challenges, productivity was something that understandably took
a back seat. And then this quarter, really seen this significant change in what you've been able to realize.
So I was curious if there's -- we should be thinking about productivity as something where there's like a
catch-up, where there's sort of projects that have been on the list, things you're able to get at, so that
productivity could run at an elevated rate going forward.
And it's also interesting, I think, in the context of marketing how you've been so consistent in investing
throughout. There's actually no catch-up on the marketing piece. No need to accelerate reinvestment per
se, but maybe some, again, acceleration on the productivity side. So I'd be curious to hear about that.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Great. I think with -- as you said, we are catching up right now to return to gross savings levels that are
equal or close to equal to those that we've delivered pre-COVID. We have more line capacity available for
us to qualify cost savings, more mind space of our teams to be able to identify new opportunities. And as
we are able to engage suppliers and get through this inflationary period, hopefully, more ideation and new
projects to be created as well.
As we've talked on our Investor Day, we see runway on productivity for the next few years driven by
Supply Chain 3.0. We have talked about delivering about $1.5 billion of savings with those initiatives
between automation and digital capabilities. And we continue to believe that we can generate between
$400 million to $500 million a year from media programmatic savings, both in terms of scheduling and
buying capabilities around the world.
Those programs will hold productivity, in my estimation, close to pre-COVID levels, which will allow us to
continue to reinvest in media, which will allow us to fund innovation and superiority. And that is really the
intent of the model. So to answer your question directly, I would not expect a disproportionate catch-up,
but I would expect a steady return to pre-COVID levels of net structure savings, both costs and media.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I agree.
Operator
The next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division
I actually had just one clarification and then a question. Clarification, the $125 million of, I guess,
incremental interest expense, can you just give us a little bit more color on that? And again, is that
something we need to kind of contemplate in our models as even we look past the fourth quarter? So I
guess is net interest expense going up?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 6
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

Yes, I mean, obviously, it is, right? Markets are getting more expensive in terms of credit, and we are not
immune to that. So the $125 million BT we've quoted for this year, I would expect the trend to continue to
go up into next year.
Now we are still well positioned relative to peer group because we're able to borrow not only in the U.S.
but also in euro, in pounds and in yen. So that keeps us very competitive. But nevertheless, we're not
immune to those increases, so they will continue to go up into next year.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And just one piece of perspective there, Bryan, this is Jon. We've understandably, because it's been the
primary driver of cost increases, focused our discussion on commodities. But that's not the only cost
increase that we're seeing.
We've just talked about interest expense. Andre mentioned in his prepared remarks wages and benefits,
which continue to increase. So I would just encourage us all to gain confidence from what's happened
here, but to realize that there are still, as Andre said, many headwinds that we're working against and
we'll continue to work against as we move forward through next fiscal year.
Operator
The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Guys, can you hear me?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Yes.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
We can.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
So on the gross margin side, you were up significantly year-over-year in the quarter for the first time in
a couple of years. Obviously, some nice sequential progress with the outsized cost savings and the strong
pricing. But also your full year commodity assumptions and freight assumptions are a bit better than they
were previously.
So just wanted to get a sense if we start to see this sustained improving gross margin environment,
what's your perspective on the bias to sort of reinvest that upside back into marketing versus let it drop to
the bottom line? This quarter, obviously, with the magnitude of gross profit upside, you could do both. But
just wanted to get a sense on how you think about that going forward.
And if I can slip in a second part, are you comfortable you're getting a strong ROI on the higher ad spend
presumably, obviously, did this quarter, but how do you think about that going forward and sort of ROI on
any spend that may be opportune or incremental than what you originally expected?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
We would expect progress on the gross margin side. Actually, we're encouraged by the productivity
numbers that have helped us on top of pricing to deliver the first modest increase in gross margin after a
very long period of heavy cost headwinds impacting us to the negative side.
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 7
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

And as we've done this quarter, we will continue to look for value-creating opportunities to reinvest. We
firmly believe the reason why we are able to grow the top line at the range we are growing, the reason
why we are able to hold volume share and value share globally in a very tough environment is because of
our superiority-driven innovation across product, package, communication and retail execution.
And we believe that as pricing goes into the market and the consumer is even more, I think, sensitive
towards the value equation that they are being offered, continued investment across all of those vectors is
going to create value and serve us well going forward. So we will maintain the flexibility to do so, but we
will do it in a disciplined and in a very ROI-driven way, as you say.
As to your second part of the question, as ad spending becomes more efficient with our ability to in-house
both scheduling and buying of media, more digital capability to be more targeted, that increases the ROI
of every dollar we can spend. So it actually makes investment in media spending more attractive.
At the end of the day, we will maintain the concept of balance between top line growth, bottom line growth
and cash generation to stick with our ongoing growth model and value creation model.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Just building on Andre's points, which I fully agree with, I want to come back to this notion of balance and
our commitment to it. Some of you have heard me talk about this probably many times, but it's worth
repeating, so you understand how we're thinking about things.
We have a chart that we use with the leadership team every time we gather, which shows what you would
have to believe to deliver top third total shareholder return, which is our objective entirely through the top
line or entirely through the bottom line. And to do it entirely through the top line, you'd have to assume
that we can grow 8% from an organic sales standpoint each and every quarter, which is, in our view,
unrealistic.
If you try to do it entirely through the bottom line, you'd have to assume that you could expand margins
180 basis points per year. So 5 years, 10 margin points in a highly competitive industry, where it's taken
us 187 years to build 22 margin points, equally unlikely.
So we are very committed to driving both top line and bottom line. It's the only way we see to get home.
I have a trite little saying that we use on occasion, which is top line with no bottom line, a waste of time.
Bottom line with no top line, just a matter of time. We're going to continue to operate in that vein. And if
we're successful, you'll see top line growth driven by proper levels of investment and bottom line growth
and margin expansion, modest margin expansion.
One last thing on the point of advertising rate of return, our ROI. In addition to what Andre was talking
about, we simply have, though it may be hard to believe, a lot of low-hanging fruit that's out there. We
have many categories where we are not at our target levels of reach.
And that's a very high ROI activity. When we can reduce waste and frequency, reinvest that into expanded
reach, very good things happen as you've seen, by the way, not just this quarter, but for the last 4 years.
And there's no reason to change that approach at this point in time.
Operator
The next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
So overall volume this quarter came in roughly in line at least with our expectations, but both price and
mix delivered upside, which I think implies just better structural elasticity than we were expecting. And I
guess the question is, as you balance everything, just your relative confidence that, that can continue.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 8
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

On the one hand, you have some tailwinds for sure that as China comes back and service levels seem
to be improving, your reinvestment rate is admirable as we've been talking about. But there's obviously
uncertainties out there. And so I guess maybe just a little bit of perspective on your overall confidence and
where that confidence is more versus less elevated.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
I'll try a careful balance here between giving you perspective on the global basis and not letting you get
ahead of yourself in terms of expectations. But the volume decline is better than we would have expected.
As you said, our elasticities remain favorable on an aggregate basis.
And if you look at global markets, we actually see volume consumption stabilizing. So you would have
seen in previous quarters, global volumes across our categories down roughly 3 to 4 points. In our most
recent [ read ] which is the past 1 month, volumes are actually down 70 basis points. This is market
volume.
And if you exclude Russia, probably more around flat. That's with China returning to some level of growth,
and it's also with pricing moving into the base. So we'll see as pricing becomes more annualized, we'll
see that stabilization. I don't know if it's going to continue to be neutral. I would expect some level of
negativity in terms of overall market volumes but certainly improving sequentially.
Within that, I think we're taking comfort in the fact that we are able to hold global volume share and
global value share despite significant pricing that we are taking, which is enabled, as we said, we believe
by our superiority strategy, a strong vertical portfolio, both tiers and price points and being present
in all channels where consumers want to shop. In our biggest, most important market, as we had in
our prepared remarks, we were able to grow volume and volume share 90 basis points over the past 3
months. So that's the positive side.
On the negative side, Europe continues to be a high-pressure environment. We've been able to grow sales
8% in focus markets, but that was a very strong pricing contribution with negative volumes in the range of
7%.
And the European consumer is trading into private label. We see the price differential between private
label and branded competitors increasing as private label is delaying price increases. The consumer
continues to be under pressure there. So that's going to be a continued headwind, I think, from the
volume side.
Overall, I think our outlook is balanced. We -- as we said, we expect market growth to return to 3% to 4%
on the value side. And there has to be a positive volume component to that going forward, but it will take
a few quarters before we get there.
Operator
The next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Congratulations on another strong set of results. I thought maybe we could spend a moment on China and
the reopening there, of course, given the importance of that market for you guys being the second largest
market behind only the U.S. So up 2% sequential improvement, which is encouraging. We see that in the
China retail sales, including cosmetics, continues to show sequential progress.
You've been consistent about your target of mid-single-digit growth for that market longer term. However,
it also seems plausible that you potentially exceed that level of growth, at least in the intermediate term
here, given easier year-over-year comps and then maybe the potential for some inventory rebalancing at
retail as consumer demand improves.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 9
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

Can you comment a bit more on what you're seeing in China and then perhaps offer some broader views
on the pace of the recovery and how you see that playing out?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Kevin, this is Jon. I'll hand it over to Andre to give some more numerical perspective. But I thought
it might help just to share briefly the trip that myself and a large contingent of our leadership team
were able to make to China in the last 3 weeks. We spent more than a week there. It was wonderful to
reconnect with our organizations who are doing a tremendous job.
We spent time in consumer homes. We spent time with our retail partner leaders in their stores and in
their offices. And of course, we spent time with various government authorities. And without getting into
all the details, the bottom line conclusion was a very positive one and much more than I was expecting
even.
And I'm kind of a China fan, having worked there many years ago, having lived there. So my expectations
already started high, and those were exceeded. Having said that, and we talked about this on the last call,
this is not going to be a vertical restart. And there will be a number of twists and turns, including some of
the ones that you've mentioned, along the way.
As Andre said in his prepared remarks, we expect China to continue to contribute at a meaningful level
over the middle to long term. But everything looks reasonably positive and constructive.
Andre, do you have any other perspective on that?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
No, I think you said it. I think the other component we're not yet seeing is any return of Chinese
consumers to travel retail. That is a significant negative for us in the SK-II business specifically. So that,
hopefully, we see a more positive trend there in the near future. That's the only other upside that I think
we have. But as Jon said, I think the recovery of 2% organic sales in the quarter is very consistent with
what we would have expected.
Operator
The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Great. Just a quick follow-up on -- or clarification on some of the numbers and then my real question.
So the clarification is, I think you mentioned that mix is a positive impact on sales, but it was a slight
negative drag on the gross margin. So I'd just like to understand that.
And then my focus question really is if you could go into more detail on the U.S. business and the U.S.
consumer. You mentioned that you saw an improving U.S. consumer, so any kind of clarification around
that. And then an update on your pricing in the U.S., how much you saw in the quarter, how much more is
there to go in the next quarter and any kind of impact that you're seeing, any granularity on that would be
appreciated.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
On the gross margin and sales connection here from a mix perspective, the effect that you're seeing here
is product mix. So consumers, when they come into our P&G portfolio, tend to trade up into higher-value
items. We've seen that actually consistently over the past quarters. So that, as they trade up into higher
unit sales, that's a positive impact from a mix perspective on the top line. But those higher unit sales
items also have higher unit profit, but the gross margin in percentage is slightly lower for some of them.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 10
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

When you think about adult incontinence, for example, when you think about Fabric Care single-unit
dose versus liquid detergent, gross margin percentage lower, unit sales higher, unit profit higher. So it's a
positive effect both from the top line and the bottom line standpoint, but the percentage mix is lower.
U.S. consumer, I think, is holding up well. As we said, any indication that we see on our business is that
the consumer is still choosing P&G brands. We are growing volume share in a market that is still down on
volume. We are growing absolute volume. So 90 points volume share growth, 40 basis points value share
growth, fairly consistently across periods.
We also see private label share stable at 16%, really no movement here over the past 1, 3, 6, 9
months, which is a good indication that we don't see any material trade down. Now we're watching this
very closely. And we believe that a lot of that is again driven by our very intentional strategy to drive
superiority.
We continue to invest in innovation. We'll continue to invest in product packaging innovation. We're
increasing, as Jon said, communication frequency and reach, where we see a good payout and return. We
continue to work with our retail partners to ensure that the presentation of our brands online and in-store
is as good as it can be.
Last element I would call out is we are stable in terms of supply and on-shelf availability, which is also
helping our overall position in the market. So stable, I think, is the characterization, but we're watching
carefully.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And just one additional point, the 6% top line organic sales growth that the team delivered in the quarter
and as Andre said, sales share -- value share growth and volume share growth. We still have a couple of
categories where we are not supplying full demand. That will be remedied here fairly quickly.
But as you consider the strength of the U.S. consumer, if you look at those key measures and realize that
there -- whether are both opportunities and risks within the number, there are opportunities as well as
risks, which continue to point to a relatively healthy U.S. consumption pattern.
Operator
The next question comes from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
So I wanted to ask about the changes in the commodity and freight outlook. Second straight quarter that
these headwinds have moved lower, which is nice to see. Can you maybe just give a sense what you're
seeing within that bucket, where are costs moving lower and where are costs still sticky? And while I don't
expect you to comment on '24 at this point, but maybe just conceptually, how you see inflation evolving as
we look out over the next 12 to 18 months?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Freight is relatively stable at this point in time. As we've mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect
our freight and transportation and warehousing costs to be roughly in line with prior year. And I think that
is a reflection of a more balanced capacity situation with the driver-to-load ratio returning to, I think, more
historical norms.
Again, given fuel prices and all other dynamics, I wouldn't expect any major change going forward,
but we're at least stable. From a commodity basket standpoint, we continue to see a mixed bag. We
have some help in resin-based commodities. We have some help in pulp. So that is moderated by mill
shutdowns for maintenance, both planned and unplanned.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 11
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

But on the other side, all our high-energy usage materials, when you think about caustic soda, think about
ammonia, all of those are increased in pricing. So the moderation is really limited, and it's not consistent
across the basket.
So $100 million after tax is the only thing we're seeing at this point in time. We also continue to see
upstream in the supply chain. Our suppliers continue to try to recover their input cost increases, their
labor inflation. And that continues to be a discussion that is ongoing.
I think as we mentioned in CAGNY, some of those contracts roll over 12 months, 18 months. So there's --
these headwinds and these discussions will continue to be with us. Overall, we're expecting, as we always
do, spot rates will hold on. That's what's based on underlying our planning for next year and our guidance
for this year.
Operator
The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
So how should we think about the upside in Beauty? And both you, Jon, and Andre spoke briefly about
travel retail being an upside in Asia. How should we be thinking also on the other side lapping the triple
pandemic and the respiratory benefit you had in health care?
It seems you could benefit from digestive recently. But how should we be thinking about the other
segments? And as we -- just a clarification. As we put in the embedded organic in the fourth quarter is
at 4%, but it seems as if you are -- as Andre commented, the exit rate on your volume is potentially flat,
bear in mind, of course, the potential risk in Europe.
But should we be thinking more of a better quality in terms of the delivery in organic? So even though
it would be a 300 basis point deceleration on a sequential basis, you'd still have better volumes, maybe
flattish to maybe only slightly down and a 4% price component in there.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
On the category-specific questions, yes, we see SK-II as a potential beneficiary of travel retail reopening.
Overall, SK-II is recovering well outside of that channel. In China Mainland, we saw 8% growth in the
quarter. In Japan, we saw 46% growth in the quarter, but the overall results are still held back by travel
retail.
So I think we will see a sequential improvement, but there are many gives and takes in the overall Beauty
Care sector. So that needs to be seen in context with a lot of other dynamics that are going on around the
world.
On the Personal Health Care side, we continue to be very pleased with the results the team is delivering
there. And we see sustained growth in this space across respiratory, digestive, nerve care. There are many
parts of that portfolio that have very high growth potential. And in some of these areas, as we've talked
before, we're still held back by supply constraints, which might provide upside in the future.
But again, we have a combination of 10 categories across multiple markets. Some of them will do well in
a period of time. Some of them will be held back by negative headwinds. So we continue to strive for a
balanced top and bottom line growth picture. It will be driven by different parts of the portfolio of different
types.
From a volume versus price component standpoint, what is important to understand is quarter 4, we will
start to lap price increases for the first time. So we had about 8% of pricing in the base. So that will be a
negative headwind to the top line growth in quarter 4.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 12
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

And while we see stabilization of volumes, I would expect that there still will be negative volume
component to the growth in the near future. We have still Russia portfolio being with us as a negative
headwind, China slowly recovering but not yet in positive territory from a volume perspective.
And as I mentioned earlier, the European consumer is under a lot of pressure with private label pricing not
yet following the branded competition in those markets. So pricing will come into the base. That will be a
headwind to the top line. I would expect still a negative volume component in quarter 4.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Yes. One thing to remember too, is that we've just taken pricing in both the U.S. and Europe. And I don't
think that the data for the current quarter reflects the potential volume impact from some of that pricing.
So I would be looking at volume recovery -- volume to slowly improve over time, but it won't happen
overnight.
Operator
The next question comes from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
Jon, clearly, you've gone through a lot of transformation over the past 5, 6 years at the company, both
from a portfolio standpoint, organizational standpoint, superiority. Can you help us understand how you
think internally these changes can help you navigate a potentially weaker consumer environment if what
we're seeing in Europe were to expand into the U.S. and some other parts of the world?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Sure. And Andre may have some thoughts here as well. The -- what I really like about the strategic
choices that we've made and the approach that we're taking currently is that it is the strongest approach
I can think of for a very healthy economic environment or a very difficult economic environment. The
indicated actions don't change.
So think, for example, about our -- embedding productivity is a fundamental part of our DNA. That's
something that serves us very well in a positive economic environment as critical in a downward economic
environment.
The importance of superiority to consumers in categories where performance drives brand choice, critical
in both a good economic environment and a difficult economic environment. Focus of the portfolio on daily
use categories where performance drives brand choice and superiority within each of those categories
across product, package, communication, go-to-market and value for consumers and customers.
I just -- I don't see anything in that, that I would change if we -- I mean, obviously, tactically, there'll be
some different decisions on the margin. But the broad underlying approach sets us up very well even if --
or particularly if we end up in a more difficult environment.
Operator
The next question comes from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
One more follow-up on pricing, particularly on the new pricing, whether your view in terms of elasticities
relative to previous rounds of pricing have -- whether they've changed or stayed similar to what you've
seen already. And to the extent that you can draw some conclusions on markets where pricing is now
starting to lap versus markets where you're still rolling out price hikes, can you just compare and contrast
what you're seeing, especially since you're starting to see some modest volume growth in the U.S.?
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 13
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
The most recent rounds of pricing have gone into effect just in February and March across -- and I'm
calling out across Europe and U.S. because those are most visible. So it's hard for us, as Jon said, to
determine what the outgoing elasticities are at this point in time.
What I can tell you is that elasticities remain stable, remain favorable. And I think it is also a function of
continued investment. It is a function of continued innovation. Every price increase or most price increases
are connected to innovation, meaningful innovation for the consumer. That also guarantees retail support.
They are linked to strong value communication. We've talked about area cold water, tight cold water,
Charmin rollback or Olay value communication. And that is meaningful for consumers as they come under
pressure. Many of our categories are categories where the consumer doesn't want to risk failure. You don't
want to wash your clothes twice, and you certainly don't want to deal with a diaper failure.
So all of that, I think, is helping us to maintain favorable elasticities across the board. The most important
insight for us is, and that's what you see us doing in Q3, we need to continue that investment. We need
to look for opportunities where our value is exposed, and I'll call out Europe as an example because of
private label pricing at a lower pace than the branded competitive set. It is critically important that we
maintain that investment level to maintain the value equation.
Where we see pricing lapping or I think where we have the strongest portfolio and the strongest execution
in terms of innovation and superiority, we see favorable results, and the U.S. is a good example of that.
Excellent in-market execution by the team compared with a truly strong portfolio and strong innovation
is delivering both relatively strong results to the balance of market but also driving market growth and
recovery.
Operator
The next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Can you just talk about your playbook in Europe? You've noted European product label is delaying price
increases a number of times on this call. We've heard similar commentary from others in [ staples ]. If
price gaps to private label remain wide, do you simply accept that new level? Or you need -- do you need
to do something about it to be a bit more offensive to close the gap?
And I guess I say that in the context of Europe, of course, but also as a bit of a litmus test for price
competition that could play out globally in the months ahead, the course ahead and just how you think
about managing through that type of dynamic.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, I'll start, Chris, and then I'm sure Jon will add. I think the team is accepting the reality of an
extended or expanded price gap versus private label. That's the challenge they need to deal with.
And as Jon frequently says, we wake up every Monday morning and deal with the reality in front of us.
This is the reality we need to deal with. So what that means is we need to create innovation, we need to
create product and packaging innovation, communication strategies and in-market executions that are
able to provide value to consumers and retailers. And that's what we're focused on.
I don't think that trying to eliminate the price differential is a meaningful and helpful strategy for us. But
if we can generate growth via innovation and via superiority, that's both helpful for us and the market and
the path forward we're choosing.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 14
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

I couldn't agree more. And frankly, while Andre rightly points to a difficult consumer environment, if you
look at our results thus far in Europe, they're very encouraging, not just in the last quarter, but through
last fiscal year as well. We're achieving growth rates in Europe that are higher than we've seen in a long
time. And so now is not the time to back off, it's time to move forward and strengthen the execution just
as Andre described.
That doesn't mean we have our heads in the sand. We've made several adjustments to price gaps, not
just versus private label, but versus branded competition as we've gone through this period of pricing,
and we need to continue to be sensitive to that. But first and foremost, we need to delight consumers and
customers with the offerings that we're bringing to market and go from there.
Operator
The next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
Congrats on strong results. A couple of quick questions. So first, on pricing, can you give us some more
quantification on perhaps breadth and magnitude? And when you blend it all together, what sort of order
of magnitude should we expect at the consolidated level in terms of organic sales contribution going
forward?
And then secondly, SG&A. Love to see the reinvestment back in the business but really sharp sequential
change, both in terms of year-on-year for overall SG&A and just sequential dollar step-up. Can you unpack
a bit more kind of where the money is, what's -- where the extra investment is going?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Pricing magnitude, the latest round of pricing is fairly consistent with what you would have seen in
the past, but it's very tailored to the market, as we said before. Mid-single digits, I think, is the ballpark I
would give you for the latest increase.
And I think pricing over time will move back to be a contributor to top line but not the sole contributor to
top line. So we need and the market needs to find a balance here over the next few quarters to return
to modest volume growth and pricing contribution to return these categories to mid-single-digit growth.
That's what we're working towards.
On the SG&A line, look, a lot of our reinvestment is driven by innovation timing, so when are the right
initiatives in market to double down on. They are driven by pricing timing. So when do we and can we
support our brands as we take pricing and drive innovation.
What I would tell you is the latest push we had as a management team to our earlier discussion was to
really double-click on our sufficiency in Europe and to see how high is up, what -- how hard can we push,
especially the media and communication side in terms of value communication across Europe. So that's
the one area I will give you where we paid a lot of attention over the last 3, 4 months.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I would just add one thing. It's our category leaders that determine the level of investments that we're
making at any point in time. And prior to this quarter, just as you go back in time, there were more
situations where we weren't able to fully supply demand.
And obviously, those are situations that you -- you continue to invest in mental awareness and -- but
not spike that investment because you can't supply it. And as we get into an increasingly better supply
environment as we did the last quarter, you resume a level of spending now that you can fully support it.
So that's a part of the dynamic in addition to the dynamic that Andre described.
Operator
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 15
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

The next question comes from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Yes. Wanted to ask sort of related 2-part question, more about U.S., but I suppose you could talk globally
if relevant. How sticky do you think this strategy of irresistible superiority is in terms of volumes?
Obviously, we see that you're gaining share if you look at the U.S. So you're effectively trading consumers
to higher-value products that work better than peer sets, right?
So it would suggest that there's a stickiness here that perhaps didn't exist in kind of prior cycles. So I'd be
curious how you think about that and how it flows through from a volume standpoint going forward.
And related to that on just the volumes, what's your best guess as to why volumes are down from
a consumer standpoint? Is it pantry destocking, unloading? Does that imply that there potentially is
reloading at a later time if and when consumer sentiment improves?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Mark, I'll take a first crack. I think the concept of irresistible superiority is A, dynamic and must be
dynamic; and B, is relevant across value tiers. So as consumers get more careful with their spending, for
example, that just means we need to double down on our view of what superiority in some of our lower-
value tiers means.
So you think about diapers in the U.S., for example. We have Luvs, which is about half the price of a
Swaddlers diaper. And that means that we need innovation on Luvs because we're now competing with
private label, that we need to make sure as consumers look for value, that brand can stand on its own
from a product, packaging, communication and retail execution standpoint to provide value to those
consumers.
So it's really not a strategy that by default drives trade-up. It's a strategy that follows the consumer and is
grounded in what the consumer needs and wants over time. So if we get more stress, that just means we
need to double-click on the type of innovation and investment we need.
From a consumption standpoint, as pricing goes into the market, we generally see consumers reacting
with what you've described. If there are pantry inventories available, they, for a period of time, draw down
those inventories. And recall, coming out of the pandemic, I think Jon mentioned this earlier, there were
increased pantry inventories available across multiple categories.
So I think that's part of the effect that we've seen. I wouldn't expect any major restocking because I think
we're just returning to more normal levels. As supply stabilizes, as kind of the COVID pandemic goes more
into the past, I think consumers return to their normal behaviors.
The other element we're seeing is more careful usage. If you're overall made aware of inflation in
everyday media, every day, you look twice before you use another paper towel, et cetera. And partially,
that's part of our value communication, right?
When we talk about Charmin rollback because the product is more absorbent and has more strength, we
explicitly talk about the ability for consumers to use less. So it's really driven in those elements.
Again, I think the job that we have as market leaders in many of our categories is to drive volume
growth back to sustainable levels, and there are many levers. We still have huge household penetration
opportunities around the world in many of our categories. We can create new usage occasions, create
regimen use across many of our categories. So those are the things we're focused on.
Operator
The next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Sunil Harshad Modi
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 16
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division
I just wanted to follow up quickly on China. Jon, maybe just given that you were there recently, just
on-the-ground consumer behavioral insights, like what are they going through right now? Are they just
hesitating, and it's kind of like a choppy, hey, maybe I'll check out outside and see if I get sick? I mean
just any perspective on kind of how the consumer is actually behaving on the ground.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Yes. You can imagine with what many of them have been through, there's a bit of a whiplash aspect to
-- for 3 years, I was told that going outside was dangerous. And now I'd be encouraged to reemerge.
I'm living probably in a relatively small dwelling, many times with multi-generations. And I don't want to
negatively impact my family. So there is a degree of hesitance and questioning.
On the same time, there's an overwhelming feeling, at least as I experienced it, of liberation, of hope. And
I was in Beijing one sunny Saturday afternoon, and the streets were packed. It was absolutely wonderful
and joyous.
So I continue to hold on and believe in the mid- and long-term opportunities that China presents us with.
It's certainly -- plus 2 is a lot better than a negative number that we had in the last couple of quarters.
So there is clear improvement. But I think it will be a little bit choppy. And all it will take is a little bit of
nervousness to stop the reacceleration of the growth. But I would -- my takeaway, Nik, is a positive one
but with near-term caution.
Operator
Our final question comes from Edward Lewis of Atlantic Equities.
Edward James Lewis
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division
Yes. I guess I just -- covered a lot of ground, but I'd be interested just on the Enterprise Market
performance. Just looking in particular at Latin America, I think you said, Andre, something like 30%
growth this quarter. And I think that will be an acceleration of around 20% in the first half. Presumably,
there's a healthy element of price behind that, but would be -- just be interested to hear on what's driving
this improved performance in that region.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
There is a very healthy element of pricing there like in every other region because we're pricing not only
for commodities, but we're also pricing for foreign exchange rate exposure in all of these markets. I think
the positive effect is the volume is holding much better than in some of our focus markets.
The consumer strength is there. I think the overall strength of the brands is better than we've ever seen.
In-market execution is better than we've ever seen. Retail partnerships are better than we've ever seen.
So all of that, I think, is contributing to a strong price component with a positive volume component, and
that drives the 30% result of that number.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Yes. Just for perspective, in our 2 largest markets in Latin America, Brazil and Mexico, as Andre is saying,
we're seeing volumes high single digit. So I don't want you to take away that all of the sales growth, as
Andre has already said, is pricing. It's a healthy combination. And I also need to give a nod to the team in
Latin America, who is just doing a fantastic job.
Listen, I want to close up with just a couple of comments and reflections. And the first relates to what
we've been through and what I think it portends for the future. And then I'll come in and talk a little bit
more about the quarter that we just completed.
WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 17
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

But if we had a conversation 3 or 4 years ago, and you told me, look, here's what's going to happen.
We're going to have this thing called the global pandemic. People are going to die. Borders are going to be
closed. You aren't going to be able to get to your largest markets, and they aren't going to be able to get
to you. You're going to have difficulty in getting your colleagues into manufacturing facilities, innovation
centers, sales offices.
But don't worry, that's not all. We'll have the largest land war in Europe since World War II. The
combination of foreign exchange and commodity cost inflation is going to wipe out half your earnings.
You're going to see dramatic channel shift in some of your largest markets in terms of where consumers
are doing their shopping. And when all that's over, you're going to find that it's difficult to get people to
come back to work.
How do you think you're going to do? And my answer to that 3 or 4 years ago would be that -- wow, do
you think you can grow top line, bottom line, deliver cash and return that to shareholders through all that?
Without taking you through the details, what you know very well, that's exactly what this team has done.
Over the 4 years that ended last fiscal year, they created $13 billion in incremental sales, $5 billion in
incremental profit.
Now if you bring that forward and look at what happened, what they accomplished in the last quarter,
broad-based sales growth, sequential progress in shipment volume, value share, volume share, a return
to gross margin expansion, strong productivity savings, at the same time, a healthy reinvestment in the
top line and advancing our level of superiority, our margin of difference, in-market growth in household
penetration. If those are the kinds of things our investors want to see, they're there in spades in the
quarter that we just delivered.
Last point, I promise, but we've talked several times, both Andre and I, about the challenges ahead, and
they're real. We will continue trying our level best to do -- to serve consumers, customers, each other,
society and clearly, share owners. But it's going to be, just as it has been, a bit choppy.
And we're taking a long-term approach here. And if there are choices that are right for the long term that
cause bottom line difficulty in the near term, we're going to make those choices. And we'll talk more about
that as we approach guidance for next year.
But if you're thinking across mid and longer periods of time, I think we've got a great setup here, a great
strategy, a great set of capabilities that should enable us to serve all those constituents that I mentioned
very effectively. But we're thinking about that in years, not quarters. Thank you very much.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a
great day.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 18
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ3 2023 EARNINGS CALL  APR 21, 2023

The information in the transcripts ("Content") are provided for internal business purposes and should not be used to assemble
or create a database. The Content is based on collection and policies governing audio to text conversion for readable "Transcript"
content and all accompanying derived products that is proprietary to Capital IQ and its Third Party Content Providers.
The provision of the Content is without any obligation on the part of Capital IQ, Inc. or its third party content providers to review
such or any liability or responsibility arising out of your use thereof. Capital IQ does not guarantee or make any representation or
warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, validity, timeliness, completeness or continued availability of any Content
and shall not be liable for any errors, delays, or actions taken in reliance on information. The Content is not intended to provide tax,
legal, insurance or investment advice, and nothing in the Content should be construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer
to buy, or a recommendation for any security by Capital IQ or any third party. In addition, the Content speaks only as of the date
issued and is based on conference calls that may contain projections of other forward-looking statements. You should not rely on
the Content as expressing Capital IQ’s opinion or as representing current information. Capital IQ has not undertaken, and do not
undertake any duty to update the Content or otherwise advise you of changes in the Content.
THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. USE OF THE CONTENT IS AT THE
USERS OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT SHALL CAPITAL IQ BE LIABLE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION OR INACTION TAKEN IN
RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING THIRD-PARTY CONTENT. CAPITAL IQ FURTHER EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS, ANY WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. CAPITAL IQ, SUPPLIERS OF THIRD-PARTY CONTENT AND ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY WORKING
WITH CAPITAL IQ SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSS (INCLUDING
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND ANY AND ALL OTHER FORMS OF DAMAGES OR LOSSES REGARDLESS OF
THE FORM OF THE ACTION OR THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM) CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE
OF THE CONTENT WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE, EVEN IF CAPITAL IQ OR ANY OF THE SUPPLIERS OF THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR
OTHER THIRD PARTIES WORKING WITH CAPITAL IQ IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTENT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.
© 2023 Capital IQ, Inc.

WWW.SPCAPITALIQ.COM 19
Copyright © 2014, S&P Capital IQ, a part of McGraw Hill Financial.