The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Friday, October 18, 2024 1:30 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 6

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o4b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Division Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,

Incorporated, Research Division
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division Olivia Tong Cheang

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Christopher Michael Carey Research Division
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division Peter K. Grom

UBS Investment Bank, Research
Dara Warren Mohsenian Division
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Filippo Falorni TD Cowen, Research Division
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Kaumil S. Gajrawala Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Jefferies LLC, Research Division Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy Stephen Robert R. Powers
BNP Paribas Exane, Research Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division Division

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer Sunil Harshad Modi
Piper Sandler & Co., Research RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Linda Ann Bolton-Weiser
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning, and welcome to Procter & Gamble's Quarter-End Conference Call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results to differ materially from these projections.
As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs to make you aware that during the discussion, the
company will make a number of references to non-GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble
believes these measures provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business trends, and has
posted on its Investor Relations website, www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today is John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations.
Execution of our integrated strategy delivered another quarter of solid earnings and cash results. These
results enable us to maintain our guidance ranges for fiscal year '25. Organic sales grew 2% comparing
against a strong base period of 7% growth. Volume contributed 1 point to organic sales growth, pricing
added 1 point, and mix was roughly in line with prior year.
8 of 10 product categories grew or held organic sales for the quarter. Family Care, Home Care and
Personal Health Care each grew mid-single digits. Hair Care, Oral Care, Feminine Care, Fabric Care and
Grooming grew low singles. Baby Care and Skin and Personal Care were down mid-singles.
Organic sales in Focus Markets grew 2%, and Enterprise Markets were up 1%. Organic sales in North
America grew 4% driven by 4 points of volume growth.
Over the last 5 quarters, North America has grown organic sales 7%, 5%, 3%, 4% and now again 4% on
volume growth between 3% and 4% each of those quarters. The region delivered broad-based market
share growth this quarter with 8 of 10 categories holding or growing volume share and 9 of 10 categories
holding or growing value share.
Europe Focus Markets organic sales were up 3%. This compares against 15% organic sales growth in the
base period and includes a 2-point headwind from lower inventory versus the base period. Volume was up
4 points despite the base period inventory impacts. Over the last 5 quarters, Europe Focus Markets have
grown organic sales an average of nearly 7% on volume growth of 3%.
Latin America organic sales were up low single digits against a strong 19% base period comp. Brazil grew
mid-singles and Mexico was in line with prior year, each of these markets comparing against strong 14%
growth in the base period.
European Enterprise Markets grew mid-singles driven by pricing to offset inflation and currency
devaluation impacts in addition to modest volume growth.
Greater China organic sales declined 15%. Underlying market conditions weakened further during the
quarter, and we continue to face brand-specific headwinds on SK-II. We will begin to annualize some
of the steep market declines and SK-II headwinds late in December, though it will likely be a few more
quarters until we return to growth in China.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Market conditions in the Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa region have remained soft with organic sales down
low singles. Global aggregate value share grew 10 basis points with 28 of our top 50 category country
combinations holding or growing share for the quarter.
On the bottom line, core earnings per share were $1.93, up 5% versus prior year. On a currency-neutral
basis, core EPS increased 4%. While gross margin was in line with prior year and core operating margin
increased 30 basis points, strong productivity improvement of 230 basis points, currency-neutral core
operating margin decreased 10 basis points.
Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 82%, consistent with our expectations. We returned nearly $4.4
billion of cash to share owners this quarter, over $2.4 billion in dividends and over $1.9 billion in share
repurchases.
To summarize results. Solid top line growth across roughly 85% of the business, keeping us on track for
the fiscal year. Continued volume and value share gains in North America and improving share trends in
Europe Focus Markets. Earnings and cash results in line with our expectations, also on track with fiscal
year guidance. Overall, good performance in what continues to be a challenging economic and geopolitical
environment. We will continue to push all levers in our control to offset headwinds that are largely not in
our control.
We remain committed to the integrated strategy that has enabled strong results over the past 6 years,
and that is the foundation for balanced growth and value creation. We've made portfolio choices across
markets and brands to strengthen our ability to generate U.S. dollar-based returns.
We're doubling down on superiority across all 5 vectors, and we are improving productivity in all areas of
the operation to fuel investments in superiority, mitigate cost and currency headwinds and drive margin
expansion.
We are driving constructive disruption of ourselves and our industry. A willingness to change, adapt and
create new trends, technologies and capabilities that will shape the future of our industry and extend our
competitive advantage.
We are benefiting from an organization that is empowered, agile and accountable. Our strategic choices
on portfolio, superiority, productivity, constructive disruption and organization reinforce and build on each
other. And we remain confident in our strategy and in our ability to drive market growth and to deliver
balanced growth and value creation. We will elaborate on the integrated strategy and how it's driving
competitive advantage and results at our Investor Day in November.
Now moving to guidance for fiscal 2025. With 1 quarter complete, our guidance ranges for fiscal '25
remain unchanged, and we are -- and they are consistent with our long-term algorithm. We continue to
expect the environment around us to remain volatile and challenging, from input costs; to currencies; to
consumer competitor, retailer, and geopolitical dynamics.
On the top line, we are maintaining our organic sales growth guidance in the range of 3% to 5%. We
continue to expect the markets in which we compete to deliver local currency sales growth in the range of
3% to 4% for the year. And our objective remains to grow organic sales modestly ahead of the underlying
growth of these markets.
As a reminder, when you're modeling all-in sales, please remember to include the impact of divestitures
from last fiscal year. This was an 80 basis point drag in quarter 1 and will also impact the balance of the
fiscal year.
On the bottom line, our core EPS guidance range for fiscal '25 remains at plus 5% to 7% versus fiscal '24
off a core EPS base of $6.59. This guidance equates to a range of $6.91 to $7.05 per share.
Our outlook for commodity costs and foreign exchange have each improved modestly since our initial
guidance for the year. We are now guiding for a commodity cost headwind of approximately $200 million
after tax, which equates to a headwind of $0.08 per share for fiscal '25. We are forecasting foreign
exchange to be in line with prior year.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

We continue to expect lower nonoperating income benefits this fiscal year and a somewhat higher tax
rate versus prior year. Combined, these are additional $0.10 to $0.12 headwind to core EPS. We expect
adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% for the year. We have plans to pay around $10 billion in
dividends and to repurchase $6 billion to $7 billion in common stock. Combined, returning $16 billion to
$17 billion of cash to shareowners this fiscal year.
This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange
rates. Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruptions, major
supply chain disruptions or store closures are not anticipated within these guidance ranges.
To conclude. The earnings and cash results in the quarter keep us on track with our fiscal year guidance
ranges. And we are doubling down on all levers to accelerate growth in the coming quarters.
We continue to believe the best path forward is excellent execution of our market-constructive strategy
with a focus on balanced top and bottom line growth and value creation, starting with a commitment
to deliver irresistibly superior propositions to consumers and retail partners. Coupled with a strong
productivity plan, the earnings power and value creation potential of the company, we believe, are as
strong as ever.
Finally, as I mentioned, we are hosting our 2024 Investor Day here in Cincinnati on November 21. And we
hope you can join us in person or online.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
I guess to start, I think as we reflect on the quarter and really the last 12 months, I think it's fair to say
you've been kind of continually surprised to the downside on the trajectory of growth. And obviously,
markets like China and the Middle East have caused persistent challenges.
The good news, as you suggested, is that we're going to start to lap those challenges. But rates of
improvement are questionable, as you highlighted. And I think investors are somewhat fearful of --
that alongside that, the benefit of cycling the challenges, you'll start to have some more deceleration in
markets where we had strength, the U.S. and Europe Focus Markets probably most pertinent.
I guess how do you assess those challenges? You called out the consistent outlook of market growth of 3%
to 4%. That's relatively bullish on the dynamics I'm referencing. So what do you say to investors who are
more concerned about deceleration from here in that underlying growth?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, let's maybe start with the years before we get into the acceleration of the quarters. If you step back,
we did deliver last year on-guidance or above-guidance for each of the metrics that we had outlined in our
guidance: Organic sales, core EPS, free cash flow, cash to shareowners.
And as we had telegraphed in December, we saw these headwinds early on: China, SK-II, Nigeria,
Argentina, the Middle East. And despite those headwinds decelerating quarter 3 and quarter 4 top line
performance, we said we would deliver within guidance range, which we did.
We also were clear that these headwinds would be with us through the front half of this fiscal year. So a
slower top line growth versus expected average for the fiscal year in the front half is not a surprise, it's
actually what we expected within the guidance range. And that's, I think, the part of the guidance that
was clear to us.
As you rightly point out, I think the level of deceleration in the Middle East and in China, I think, is still
volatile. More importantly, if you look at the rest of the portfolio, if you look at U.S., Canada, Europe Focus
Markets, Europe Enterprise Markets, Latin America, those regions constitute 85% of our sales base. And
these regions, in aggregate, are growing 4% in quarter 1 on a 10% base on quarter 1 last year.
North America sales over the past 5 quarters were consistently up, 7%, 5%, 3%, 4%, 4%. Europe is
growing on a 7% average over the past 5 quarters, 3% of that from a volume growth standpoint. We are
growing or holding volume share in all of these regions in aggregate. So I think the core of the business,
85%, is as strong as we could wish for. It's growing 4%, and it's been growing at that pace significantly
with very high base period comps.
The last thing I'll leave you with on the 85% of the business that is not impacted by any external factors,
we have probably the strongest innovation out there in the second half that we've seen in a long time. So
a combination of very strong structures in each of these markets, very strong innovation in the second
half and easing comps in the base give us confidence that we can see sustained growth and also some
level of acceleration in the core of the business.
The volatility, as you pointed out, is entirely introduced by China and by the situation in the Middle East.
And the way we think about the guidance is, if we annualize and when we annualize these base effects in
quarter 2 and quarter 3, we will get to the midpoint of guidance. If we see more than annualization and
some level of improvement in the situation, that could get us to the top end of the guidance. When we see
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

the situation continuing to decelerate, that would point to the lower end of the guidance. That's the very
simple logic.
What you'll find in all of this is a strong belief that the core, 85%, will continue to grow in line with what
we've seen and grow stronger with innovation in the back half.
Operator
Our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
So just a follow-on on Steve's thought process there, Andre, your response. We've heard more -- we're
early days in earnings season, but there are a number of multinational companies that are calling out
worsening trends. So European consumer was particularly called out yesterday by Nestlé, Latin America, a
bit less good. And then of course China, I have to assume that, that down 15% was a surprise to you guys
this quarter.
So just what about the, I guess, risk factor around your point on that 85%? Because it doesn't feel like it
leaves a lot of room for any kind of slowing in the macro environment, which just feels a little bit contrary
to what we're hearing from some other consumer companies.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, the -- I mean when we talk about our consumer, we talk about the consumer in our categories. And
we've chosen these categories for a reason. They are daily use. Consumers don't stop washing their
hair, they don't stop doing their laundry. And they are categories where the product performance is very
important to consumers because they understand that the cost of failure is actually higher than maybe the
premium they would pay for a product that promises to perform in line with what their expectations are.
And that logic, I think, leads to the consumer continuing to trade into P&G and continuing to trade up. And
you see that in terms of share growth in the U.S. We consistently have grown share on both volume share
and value share. We have consistently been able to trade consumers up within our portfolio. And we're
bringing more innovation focused on stronger performance and increasing superiority across the different
categories and brands.
The same holds true for Europe. When you look at the growth rate in Europe in the last quarter, it was
actually 5% excluding the inventory effect year-over-year. And we are seeing stabilizing to growing
volume share trends in Europe, again, with very strong innovation in the back half.
Latin America is stabilizing. We've articulated that we're growing our biggest 2 markets, Brazil and Mexico,
on a 14% base. And we expect within our construct that the Latin American market growth will return to
mid-single digits, 5% to 6%, which is what we're seeing materialize.
So every indication that we have in terms of data and in terms of the plans that the teams are executing
now and into the second half give us confidence that we can continue the momentum at the run rate level,
which means, with easing comps, it would mean an acceleration on a year-over-year comparison.
Everything can change. There's no guarantee. But with everything that we can see, we feel confident that,
that component of 85% of the sales is holding or strengthening as we go through the year.
You are right. China and the Middle East are the least-predictable components. That's why they introduced
the volatility in the guidance range at this point in time. Look, we are -- the best way to increase the
probability that we see an improvement is to focus on the fundamentals, which we are doing.
In China, we have cleared the portfolio to focus the organization on those brands where we have the
strongest growth potential. We are reinventing our go-to-market model with our distributor partners

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

to increase coverage and quality of coverage. We have strong innovation across the portfolio, which is
showing signs of revitalizing the categories.
When you look at the Head & Shoulders and Pantene innovation, the Baby Care portfolio continues to
perform strongly, and SK-II is making progress with the launch of the super premium proposition and
beginning national marketing support again.
So we're pointing in the right direction. The macro context is questionable and we will have to see where
this goes. The same is true for the Middle East, but that's why we have the range within the guidance. So
overall, I think we're confident. You're right to point out there's a level of volatility here which we hope we
have adequately communicated.
Operator
Our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
So just to follow up on this 85% of sales mix versus 15% dynamic. First, maybe on the 85%, obviously,
the U.S. is the lion's share of that. Can you just touch on what you think sustained category growth is
here in the U.S. in a moderate pricing environment from an industry perspective as you look out over the
next couple of years here?
And I guess you sound pretty confident in the market share momentum in the U.S., but maybe you can
touch on that in a bit more detail. And then just on the laggard 15%, it's helpful the detail you gave us in
terms of what a sequential improvement could mean or not mean going forward to corporate OSG. Just
give us a little more sense of your perspective.
The comps are much easier. Is the base case that there should be an inflection in that 15% going forward
with the easier comps? I understand some of the volatility you mentioned. But just trying to get a sense of
how you see that developing on the 15% of mix as you look out over the next few quarters here.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Dara. Let me start with the U.S., and then maybe go a little bit broader. But the opportunity
we see in the U.S. is still huge. When you look at the categories in which we operate, we see sustained
market growth in the range of 3% to 4% at this point. It's decelerating as we had expected from the 5%,
6% range we saw in previous years as the pricing component comes down, but it's encouraging that the
volume side is actually coming up strongly and sustaining strong growth.
So we expect the 3% to 4% range is where the market is going to be. But as you know, our job within
that, the way we view it, is to continue to drive our categories and continue to drive market growth
beyond that 3% to 4% so we can grow ahead and we grow share.
The opportunity is in multiple dimensions. Number one, just looking at consumers that we don't serve yet
at the full level at which we serve other consumer groups is about a $5 billion growth opportunity. And
we're focusing on that by being more intentional about the benefits that these specific consumer groups
are looking for, the way those benefits need to be addressed in a product solution, the way they need to
be communicated to register with the consumer group and where we need to be distributed in order to
reach those consumers. Innovation in that space both across product package, across communication and
across go-to-market, we believe, is a big driver of capturing that $5 billion growth opportunity.
We have many categories that across the consumer base are still showing significant penetration
opportunities. We frequently talk about fabric enhancers. It's more than $1 billion business, but household
penetration is only about 30% on liquid fabric enhancers, only about 20% on beads. So there's a huge
growth opportunity to drive more wholesale penetration by, again, finding ways to make this proposition
more appealing to more consumers.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Our Oral Care, a big example of underpenetrated category. New claim of -- we're having our Oral Care iO
business with 100% more plaque, bacteria removal. That business is growing 8% and the global share is
up 2%. So there are many examples where we see growth opportunity in the U.S.
The same is true for Europe. And maybe for perspective, there are some markets in Europe that drag
the performance down. France, for example, had a change in terms of legislation on how promotions can
be executed in March of last year -- in March of this year, but last fiscal year. And that has significantly
impacted our performance in France, along with everybody else. So France is down 11%. Normalizing that
will give us -- on top of the same opportunity I described for the U.S., will lead to a level of acceleration
that we expect.
On the 15% of the business, again, our base assumption is that we simply annualize most of these
effects. We see stabilization across categories. There are quarter-to-quarter effects in China that needs
to be taken into account with shifts in key consumption periods. But I think the general assumption is
that we will, over the next couple of quarters, start to annualize both SK-II and the major China market
contraction. And that will help towards the stabilization of the total.
The same is true for the Middle East. Most important point I still want to make is we're not just sitting
there and waiting for the business to annualize. We're fundamentally improving every aspect of how we
operate the business, from innovation, to go-to-market, to media, both in the Middle East and in China.
Operator
Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division
My question is just around the gross margins and the cost of goods sold inflation. And this morning, the
inflation came -- moderated a bit. So I guess 2 questions. One, was any of that moderation of inflation
present in the quarter so that it affected all gross margins in this quarter?
And then if we're thinking about going forward, as we're thinking about our models, is it -- is there
anything that would offset it actually improving gross margins a little bit more? So whether it's segment
mix or geographic mix, just how should we think about how that improvement sort of nets out in our
model?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Look, I think the main driver of our gross margin progress will continue to be productivity. You see 170
basis point contribution to gross margin in the current quarter. And I expect that level of productivity
contribution to remain or accelerate as we get to our target of $1.5 billion worth of COGS gross savings
throughout the year.
We continue to have an effect from SK-II, and SK-II has been -- is down 35% in the quarter. So it's a
significant impact when you think about the gross margin that business contributes. So the other driver
here is, as we see annualization of the SK-II effects, that will help gross margin going forward.
To the inflation question, there is some level reflected of easing inflation. The majority of that, I think, will
spread throughout the year. Again, our P&L that's holding policy plus contracts generally make for a 6- to
9-month delay from actual commodity inflation to it flowing through our P&L. So that would be a help. I
would probably model towards the latter half of the fiscal year.
Operator
Our next question will come from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

I wanted to ask specific questions about the Baby business and also the Family Care business, which is a
few quarters in a row that Baby is under pressure. Can you just talk about the durability of this pressure?
Maybe how much of that has to do with geographic splits between China and the U.S.? And what really the
path is to see improvement from here even if the birth rate dynamic is not in your favor?
And secondly, on the Family Care business, I think this is something like, I don't know, 11 consecutive
quarters of growth. But pricing will become less of a tailwind. I don't think it was -- any real pricing in the
quarter. Can you just talk about the sustainability of these growth rates in the Family Care business?
And also, if you could, just maybe touch on whether you saw any benefit in this quarter from stock-up
activity with some of the port congestion and storms, and whether we should be thinking about that
maybe next quarter? Or just in general, if that's something that we should be considering as we think
about the next quarter or 2 going forward in that business? So on Baby and Family Care.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Great. Thank you, Chris. Let me start with Family Care, maybe. The business model in Family Care is very
stable and sustainable. And the main driver here is to contribute to category growth. That's really the job
of the business.
And the way to do that is to drive innovation. The innovation is generally an improvement in the substrate,
so improvement of the Bounty substrate or the Charmin substrate, which leads to the ability to then
down-count sheets of the roll, increase the roll diameter or the roll size so consumers have actually more
product available to them. And that is an ever-repeating cycle of innovation driving category growth.
That cycle has been working for decades. I expect it to continue to work the same way. The innovation
capability of the technology in Family Care, which is unique to P&G, is by far not exhausted. So we have
runway in terms of the innovation we can drive. And again, the model has proven to be very sustainable
over decades through different economic contexts.
On the stock-up situation, we saw a quick run-up with the port strike, but it didn't really have a material
impact on this quarter nor are we seeing any impact on last quarter. It was very short-lived. So therefore,
again, no impact current, no impact next quarter.
Baby Care has been subject to decelerating or decreasing growth rates forever. That is not a new dynamic.
It's a dynamic that has existed within the Baby Care category for a long, long time, as long as I've been
associated with it, which is a long, long time.
The way to create value and growth in Baby Care is not volume growth. It is really to provide superior
propositions for consumers and thereby trade them up into higher-order benefits basis and create value
from a market perspective and from a share perspective that way.
When we do that successfully, even in the most challenging environments, we can grow. Case in point
would be China. China has the fastest deceleration in birth rates. But with a very strong portfolio that is
innovating across all tiers, we have been able to consistently grow sales and share in China.
So when the business is innovating in line with what consumers are looking for, communicating that
innovation in the right way, distribute it in the right way, the model works very well. Where we don't, the
model stutters, and that -- sputters. And that's a little bit the situation in North America. We've talked
about this before. We have very strong innovation on the premium tier, Swaddlers and Cruisers 360. We
continue to see share growth. Swaddlers is up, I think, 1.6 share points. Cruisers 360 is up 50 or 60 basis
points. So that part of the portfolio is doing very well.
We have an opportunity to innovate on the mid-tier. We just launched Luvs Platinum care. It's too early to
tell, but I think it's encouraging to see it in market. And we are working on strong innovation on the baby
dry business. And that's the same opportunity that we have in Europe.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

So the model works, but it requires discipline around strong innovation, and that's what the business is
working on. Now that we have full access to lines because we don't have any capacity shortfalls, I fully
expect the business to go back to growth here over the next few quarters.
Operator
Our next question will come from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
So Andre, I wanted to go back to China and your comments about still being a few quarters until you
return to growth. Look, you're starting to annualize some of the impacts of SK-II already in the next
quarter. So should we think about the pace of improvement in China in the sense of less decline, but still
negative growth in the balance of the year? And how does the recent stimulus measure in China inform
kind of your gradual improvement in the country?
And then if I can ask one more on the total company level. I think it would be helpful to give a little bit of
context how you see the progression in terms of organic sales growth from the approximately 2% in Q1.
Should we expect a sequential improvement in Q2? Or is it really the improvement to get to your midpoint
of your guidance more skewed to the second half?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thanks, Filippo. Predicting recovery pace in China is a futile task, I think. So we won't attempt that.
That's why we have the range that we have communicated.
I would expect sequential improvement simply because of the math of annualization. So we expect the
-- any deceleration to not offset the base effect, but that's where it ends. Again, as we've communicated,
if China is simply annualizing, that would point to the mid-end -- midpoint of the guidance. If it does
anything better than that, that would help us towards the upper end. If it continues to decelerate
throughout the year, that would point us to the lower end of the guidance range. I won't make any
prediction what the pace or the direction by quarter is.
On the progression per quarter, look, we don't give you quarterly forecasts for a reason. We need some
level of flexibility to manage across quarters. But I think logically, we have to expect some level of
progression going into quarter 2, but it will be the overall arching effect that I still want to call out is the
headwinds are still with us in quarter 1 and in quarter 2.
Operator
Your next question will come from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Great. Well, you guys have done a fantastic job, obviously, in the U.S. and Europe. So I want to circle back
to China on a more bigger picture basis. By my estimates, it looks like your sales are now down 20% to
25% over 3 years. So 3 years of consecutive declines.
And so the question is, are there structural changes in the Chinese market or the Chinese consumer that
need to be addressed? And what you're doing to address those changes? And I think you also mentioned
in terms of SK-II, that you're starting to push that brand a little bit more now. So are there -- are you
starting to see some green shoots with the consumer and the appreciation of that brand and the ability to
get that going again?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Robert, thank you. There are many changes to the Chinese consumer that need to be taken into account,
and that's the work the team is doing that I was mentioning before. Where consumers buy? Again,
online is a significant part of the business. And even within the online spectrum, a shift into Douyin is a
significant part of what needs to be taken into account, where the communication model, the way to build
brand equity and the way to communicate value, is different than in any other digital channel.
A shift in the brick-and-mortar business towards club, towards grocers and supers, is another area that
needs to be taken into account. So we are -- as I mentioned earlier, we are rebuilding our distributor
partnerships to ensure that we can reach consumers in the right places with the right prices with the right
on-shelf availability across all propositions.
The consumer behavior in terms of benefits to go for are shifting. If you look at the mass skin care space,
for example, the benefit space that was very popular over the last few years was toning. Now it's going
into anti-aging and multi-benefit. So we're adjusting our innovation portfolio to meet those requirements.
The way media is consumed is changing. So we need to adjust the way that we innovate in our media
space and our technical capability to reach consumers without duplication at the right frequency.
So all of those things are changing, Robert. And we are -- I think we're doing a good job. The team is
doing a great job in adjusting to those realities. But as you say, as long as the market is not recovering,
it will still be an uphill climb. But I do believe that we are very well positioned in China to continue to win.
And we are, on a relative basis, performing well, but again, in line with the market.
On SK-II, I would say it's too early to say green shoots, but the brown shoots are disappearing, let me put
it that way. We have done all the right work in terms of rebuilding the brand equity, focusing on the right
campaign messaging. Activating the most loyal users to be advocates for the brand. Innovating, as I said,
on the core and on the super premium. Upgrading our department store presence, investing in beauty
counselors.
And so the early signs are positive. But again, I think I want to give ourselves a little bit of time here
before we declare green shoots.
Operator
Our next question will come from Kevin Grundy of BNP Paribas.
Kevin Michael Grundy
BNP Paribas Exane, Research Division
Great. I wanted to pivot. So with respect to areas that you can control, I want to ask you about market
share performance. And if I'm not mistaken, I think the comment was earlier on the call, you're gaining or
holding share in 28 of your top 50 markets, so a bit more than half.
Also, if I'm not mistaken, it's down from 75% in fiscal '22. I believe the company's longer-term target is
closer to 65%. And this is also within the context, you reiterated the 3% to 4% sort of global category
growth and the company currently at 2% organic sales in the quarter, understanding some of the
dynamics here in the base and 15% of the business seeing more acute headwinds.
So with all of that as sort of context, I was hoping you could comment on sort of longer term the
importance of market share as a KPI within the organization. And then two, and I think maybe more
immediately, what you see is the greatest series of opportunity to elevate the company's market share
performance.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Look, the market share trend, I think, is generally positive. It wasn't necessarily a surprise that the
market share would decrease in terms of number of category country combinations that are growing
or holding share simply because of the level of pricing that we have to take, and some of the dynamics
where, for example, retailer brand pricing in Europe significantly lagged in terms of timing.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

So going ahead and leading in many of those markets because we simply are the category leader
generally results in short-term share effects that are less favorable. And I think that's, to a large degree,
the acceleration in terms of number of category country combinations that you see growing.
I would say the way we talk to our teams about it is what our job is, is to grow markets. And the best
way to grow markets is to increase household penetration of our categories. The earliest indication to see
whether we're increasing household penetration is volume share. So it is an important measure for us if it
is a measure of creating incremental consumption. And that's what we ultimately bring it back to.
So it's an early indication for us to say, okay, if we don't grow volume share, we're probably not growing
household penetration. But the real measure that we're going after is panel-based household penetration,
which is the best measure of how we're doing our job in growing markets.
I think we're making progress here. The European results are, as I mentioned, both in Focus Markets
and Enterprise Markets, we are holding to growing volume share now, which was very important to see.
That's where the private-label pricing effect was most pronounced. That's a significant portion of our top
50 category country combinations.
Most pleased about the progress in the U.S., where we continue to grow both volume share and value
share. And I also think the plans in Latin America are very strong in terms of innovation. So I have
confidence that the share progression there will be positive.
Operator
Our next question will come from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
I guess, Andre, I wanted to ask a follow-up to Steve's and Filippo's question. And I don't want to be too
specific. But when you're kind of discussing the rate of improvement or annualizing the impacts from
China and the Middle East and kind of the organic revenue range, are you speaking to where it would put
organic revenue growth for the year? Or are you kind of just speaking conceptually, how you would see it
evolving for the balance of the year?
And I guess the reason I ask is it seems that, in order to hit the midpoint of the range, you would need
some pretty strong performance from here after the 2% in 1Q. So I just wasn't sure if you were implying
that, based on where things stand today, can -- simply annualizing these headwinds would still be enough
to hit 4% for the year?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, I think it would be a combination, Peter, of annualizing the headwinds and maintaining and slightly
accelerating the run rate in the 85% of the business, which, on an easier comp, would then increase,
obviously, the year-over-year quarterly growth.
We're not -- it's hard to say how these 2 pieces exactly will work together. But conceptually, we know 2
things need to be true. One, we need to annualize, and we need to annualize at the end of quarter 2 and
quarter 3. Number two, the 85% of the business needs to keep running at the pace that it's running at.
Operator
Our next question today will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Andre, can you comment a little bit on what Peter was trying to get to? And I think it's valid in the sense
that your Skin Care performance, right, it was like, I believe, more than 20% negative in total. And then

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

you're annualizing. And if I'm doing the math correctly, that on itself is 100 -- it's 700 to 800 basis points
sequential easiness in guide now in comp.
So would that -- to say that needs to be slightly better? So let's say, the minus 22%, call it, becoming
mid-teens negative on itself, helps your comp? And then on top of that, you're saying kind of stability. But
in terms of stability, what gives you confidence that Europe and the U.S. can keep that stability, or even
Latin America can keep that 85% running, all things that we know now for the second quarter?
So it implies -- I mean, I'm all to say that it does imply -- if you're keeping guidance at the midpoint, it
does imply that you're going to be sequentially better in the second quarter of fiscal. Is that the way we
should be thinking?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Andrea, look, I think that -- I want to be clear. The guidance is a range. So it's 3% to 5% on the top line.
And all the scenarios you're describing can either lead to 5% or can lead to 3%. I think what we're saying
is the range is still viable. Yes, if you want to get to 5%, you have to see a significant acceleration in -- or
you have to see a fast annualization and some acceleration in China and the Middle East. And you have to
see sequential stability on the core of the business.
I think I've explained the assumptions, but the range is still viable. What gives me confidence on the 85%
of the business is what I've said before, that business has been delivering at these growth rates, not for 1
quarter, but for 5 quarters. In some cases, for 6 quarters.
So if you look at that, I think it gives me confidence that we have a sustained track record of delivering at
those growth rates. And when you look at the share trajectory, it's pointing upwards, and we have more
innovation coming.
So I think the fuel is there, but you're right, there is -- there are multiple scenarios where you can
construct this where you end up at 3%. There are multiple scenarios where you can construct this where
you end up at 5%.
Operator
Next question today will come from Kaumil Gajrawala of Jefferies.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Can you talk a bit about price points and promo? And in particular, I guess, I see that mix was negative
for both Beauty and Grooming. Beauty, I guess, I would assume is SK-II. But maybe just talking about
where the consumer is, are you seeing trading down, how you're thinking about that in the context of
promotional activity and absolute price points?
And then very quickly, anything on inventory destocking? We're just hearing more and more of that at
retailers. Curious if that's something that's impacting you or something that you're watching.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. On promo, I would describe the overall market situation as stable, little change versus what we've
talked in the previous quarters, both in Europe and in the U.S. We -- again, we focus on promotion that
hopefully drives market growth and category growth, in lower-penetrated categories combining with high
penetration categories, so we can provide value to consumers, but at the same time, drive growth and
trial. Overall, competitive environment is still stable and still slightly below pre-COVID levels.
The -- you're right, the Beauty negative mix, price/mix effect, is driven by SK-II. And on Grooming, it's
really driven by a shift. We had a record appliance period a year ago. Now we have more sales in the
Gillette part of the portfolio. So that's the shift that you see in Grooming.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Nothing points to the consumer trading down. Nothing points to any increased price-based competition
at this point in time. And again, I'm repeating myself, but the categories we're in, we have the right
propositions that reassure consumers that the products work. We have the right price ladders, so there's
access to consumers at higher cash outlays, lower cash outlays, higher price per unit, lower price per unit.
And as long as we keep innovating and driving that irresistible superiority, I believe we will be fine.
But we keep watching this very closely. At this point in time, no indications that the consumer is not with
us. Private label shares are flat. And if you look at a sequential basis, private label value share in the
U.S. is actually down from past 12 months, 16.2% to now 15.7%. So all of that indicates to me a stable
consumer and stable price promotion environment.
Operator
Our next question will come from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Yes. I wanted to ask specifically on SK-II. It seems like the trend in the brand are just a little bit worse
than the overall prestige skin care category. I guess curious about how you think about the brand. I think
you've talked before, maybe not last quarter, a quarter before that, about work that you had done about
brand relevance, awareness and intent to purchase improving. And clearly, it's not. I guess some of that's
the weaker consumer in China. But at some point, does it become a question of brand impairment and
kind of need to reinvest and reinvent the brand to broaden or regain relevance?
I guess the question is, how do you think about all of what I just said in the context of just the
underperformance versus the category seems to be widening. And kind of what's a reasonable rate of a
time frame for it to return to some sort of improving trend? Not even growth. I know what you said about
China, but SK-II specifically within that market, too, would be helpful.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thank you, Mark. SK-II as a brand continues to be very relevant. The core benefit and the core
ingredient that's the reason to believe that, that benefit is delivered, plus the efficacy shown in actual
consumer experience over decades, I think, is still the most relevant proposition and as close to irresistible
superiority that is actually ingredient-driven in the category as you can find.
And the consumer is playing that back. We had very strong results in SK-II outside of China and outside
of travel retail. And I think the effects that we're seeing, which is dragging the brand down, is the unique
combination of a Japanese brand in a Chinese context when there's conflict and therefore a negative
sentiment towards Japanese brands in aggregate. That's unique to SK-II, and I think that's what's driving
the effect.
When the business is down to that degree, there is a level of investment choice that needs to be made,
which the team has done. But we've encouraged them to continue to invest at the right level to rebuild the
equity of the brand, specifically in China and in travel retail, which I think they are doing well.
So I've got not much more to add other than to say the brand is very relevant. The core of the brand is
being strengthened with the core messaging of what PITERA is and what the benefit is that the brand
delivers.
The addition of a super premium tier, I think, is highly relevant for those consumers. They have the
spending power, and they're looking for the best possible offering. And price is a connotation to quality
and efficacy in these categories. So I feel very good about the core of the brand. And obviously, the
Japanese-Chinese situation is unique to SK-II, which is what we're annualizing beginning quarter 2.
Operator
Next question will come from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division
Andre, just a quick housekeeping and then a broader question. Just you mentioned in your prepared
commentary that you're not embedding any store closures into the guide, I think that's what I heard. And
just given what's going on in the drug channel, just wanted to get your perspective on have you accounted
for some of the dynamics playing out in that market? So that's the housekeeping question.
But the broader question is just on innovation. And I think P&G is kind of anomalous in the fact that
there's real disruptive indication coming out of the company more so than, I think, the broader sector.
And so maybe you can just give us an update on Olay Melts and Tide evo and kind of how that initiative is
progressing.
And within the pipeline over the next 1 to 3 years, what other type -- of course, you're not going to
mention the specifics, but just like similar type of disruptive type of innovations? But is there anything else
that you can kind of share with us regarding other types of initiatives, what you have with Tide evo and
Olay Melts?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Nik. As the guidance says, we've not assumed any major store closures in the U.S. Obviously,
when there's selective store closures, that's part of the normal business. So I will leave it there.
On disruptive innovation, Olay Melts is doing very well. evo test market is also doing really well, at or
above expectations in the test market. But again, it's a test market, so early on. We are making progress
on the industrialization of evo. So the ability to produce at scale to be able to launch at a national level,
and that is also progressing as planned.
So I would say both based on fiber spinning technology are very promising propositions, and both seem
to resonate very well with consumers. And as you point out, both are highly proprietary to P&G. And the
form itself has a lot of runway when you think about our product portfolio.
In terms of broader disruptive technology and being able to advance our competitive moat from an
innovation standpoint, we're going to spend a lot of time on that during Investor Day, so I won't go into
the details here. But it will be a big part of the conversation in November.
Operator
The next question is from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
I wanted to talk about -- there's clearly a big divergence in performance across categories. And realize
that some like Beauty has higher exposure to some underperforming markets. But if we look at like Fabric
and Home Care, the example you just gave, for instance, can you talk a little bit about what you're doing
differently there versus your other categories?
Because it feels like in terms of [ penetrating the home ], you're innovating more, the innovation is
resonating better. Why doesn't it seem to be working in some other categories? Baby for example, or
Beauty excluding SK-II for the moment? Because it doesn't seem like competition is any lighter in these
categories. If anything, it's just as heavy.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Look, there's a reason why we have a portfolio of 10 different categories. They, at times, perform at
different levels. But operating the global portfolio will allow us to still deliver algorithm with even some ups
and downs across categories.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Specifically on your question on Beauty, I think it's important to look at Beauty excluding China and SK-
II. If you look at that picture, North America is growing 8%; Europe, 6%; Enterprise Markets, 8%. The
growth in North American Hair Care is 9% on a 12% base. Share is up 90 basis points. Global APDO is
growing 11%. In North America, 9%. We've grown native sales 10 times over, over the past 5 years.
So I think that the team is doing a tremendous job reading the consumer, developing propositions
that match consumers' needs, communicating in the right way, bringing them to market. And that's, I
think, what's reflected. But it's hard to overcome with a significant part of your business in China, those
headwinds.
Fabric and Home Care is doing a tremendous job in innovation. We've talked about evo. We've talked
about fabric enhancers. The runway is also huge across both categories because they both represent
relatively big opportunities in terms of incremental household penetration. When you think about Swiffer,
for example, PowerMop is a new product to the category and is driving significant category growth, it's up
9%. Downy and Tide Rinse are new adds to the laundry regime as odor removers, and they are the #1
driver of category growth.
When we find those opportunities that accelerate business, market growth and is sustainable. And we
have pockets of that in Baby Care. When you think about Ninjama, for example, which is a bedwetter
category which was very underserved. When we innovated in that category, we grew categories -- we
drove growth of 6% to 7% and took significant share.
So there are opportunities in all of those categories. Will they all be at the same time and so we see
consistent growth across all? No. But all these categories are rich with opportunity to drive innovation,
drive category growth and delight more consumers.
Operator
Our next question is from Korinne Wolfmeyer of Piper Sandler.
Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division
I'd like to hopefully get a little bit more color on what you're seeing with your retailer partners. How are
inventory orders tracking? Has there been any change throughout the quarter? And how are you expecting
those orders to trend over the next several quarters?
And then just generally speaking, how is that -- how are you viewing the broader retail dynamic, both in
the U.S. and then in Europe and LatAm? And how are those differing?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you. Inventory levels at retailers, broadly speaking, are stable. There's no major movement.
The only effect worth calling out was the base period effect in Europe, where some retailers increased
inventory levels in quarter 1 of last year because we had announced a supply chain program that was
cutting over at that time. Other than that, I would characterize it with relative stability, nothing to report.
The general retailer relationship with P&G is extremely constructive. I would describe it as probably the
best retailer relationships we've had as far as I can remember. And that's true for the U.S., that is true
for Europe, where we have built strong partnerships with our retailers, all under the common objective to
grow markets.
And the more retailers understand, embrace and see how partnership with P&G's strong innovation
and ability to reach underserved or unserved consumers can help them grow their categories and our
categories, that partnership is only strengthening.
On the supply chain side, we are building very powerful programs to integrate our supply chains, create
more value, reduce inventory levels and cash needed. Those programs are off to a very promising start.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

And so all of that contributes, I think, to the very positive retailer relationships that we see around the
globe.
Operator
The next question will come from Rob Moskow of TD Securities.
Robert Bain Moskow
TD Cowen, Research Division
Andre, regarding the $300 million positive benefit in terms of your outlook for commodity costs, could
you tell me like how you think about that versus your original guide? Like do you intend to like hold it
back and maybe deploy it in categories where you kind of need to compete more effectively because of
price competition? Or can you think you have more proactive plans with that money to put it into areas of
growth? Like how are you thinking about that benefit?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Look, we're still looking at a $200 million AT headwind for the year. So in relative terms, it's not really
a help year-over-year. It's still a $200 million AT cost headwind that we need to absorb. And honestly,
the way this works within our structure is the business units control what to do in terms to offset any
headwinds. Or if there are tailwinds, how to reinvest and if to reinvest within the business.
So there's no corporate approach to any of this. It's really based on what is best for each of the categories
in each of the regions. And therefore, I can't really give you a constructive answer here other than to say
it's still a $200 million after-tax headwind. We'll deal with it. It's embedded in our guidance range.
Operator
Your final question comes from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser of D.A. Davidson.
Linda Ann Bolton-Weiser
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the Beauty segment. I was curious about Olay in North America
and what's being done there in terms of the competition. The derm kind of base brands, the competition
there.
And then on China again. We're all talking about SK-II, but how was the Hair Care piece in China? Was
that decline less? And how is Pantene doing? And what are you doing there on the Hair Care side in China?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Linda. As I said, the Beauty business overall in North America is doing very well. You point
to the Olay business. And within Olay, the innovation on super serums is incredibly successful, the most
successful entry in the segment in recent years. And 65% of consumers are incremental to the category,
so exactly what we want to see.
Melt is very successful, resonating with consumers. And that's a new form. So us being able to, I think,
communicate the benefits of the form, consumers experiencing it and repeating now is also great to see.
Now we have an opportunity on the core business, specifically on the jar business, to rejuvenate the
franchise. And that's the work that the team is doing with urgency. So recognized an opportunity there,
and it's being worked.
On the Hair Care China side, strong innovation. We've divested our Vidal Sassoon business. We're now
focusing on the 3 brands we have: Head & Shoulders, Pantene and Rejoice. We have strong innovation
launch in Head & Shoulders, premium innovation. We've launched innovation on Pantene. Both are

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

performing very well. Pantene was the #1 hair care brand online ahead of Kérastase for the first time in
the last quarter. Head & Shoulders is growing share. And the plan on Rejoice is launching later in the year.
So the team is doing great work on the Hair Care brands. But again, all of this is done in a context where
the market is still down. So the most important element here is, as we've said all along, the market needs
to annualize and stabilize.
All right. Thank you. I hope you agree with us that it's a strong start to be here on the majority of the
business. We continue to see the headwinds that we had telegraphed in December. But we are confident
that even with those headwinds and the strength of the core of the business, we will be able to deliver
within guidance range on all metrics.
We'll be available for more questions during the day, so feel free to reach out. And thanks for spending the
time with us. Have a great day.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a
great day.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2024

Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 20