Exhibit 99.1

News Release

United Airlines
Worldwide Media Relations
872.825.8640
media.relations@united.com 

United	Airlines	Reports	Best	First-Quarter	Financial	Performance	
in	Five	Years	Despite	Challenging	Macroeconomic	Environment

Q1	pre-tax	margin	up	4.9	points	year-over-year,	ahead	of	Wall	Street	consensus;	up	3.6	points	on	an	adjusted	
basis1

Q1	pre-tax	margin	expected	to	lead	the	industry	as	United	continues	to	attract	more	brand-loyal	customers,	
improve	the	customer	experience	and	demonstrate	the	resiliency	of	the	business

Year-to-date2	repurchased	$451	million	of	shares	

United	expects	resilient	earnings	in	Q2	and	full-year	20253	despite	uncertain	macroeconomic	environment	and	is	
removing	4	points	of	scheduled	domestic	capacity	starting	in	the	third	quarter	2025

Generated	operating	cash	flow	of	$3.7	billion	in	the	first	quarter	and	over	$10	billion	in	the	last	12	months;	Over	$2	
billion	of	free	cash	flow4	in	the	first	quarter	and	over	$5	billion	in	the	last	12	months

Delivered	best	first-quarter	operational	performance	since	2021

CHICAGO,	April	15,	2025	–	United	Airlines	(UAL)	today	reported	its	best	first-quarter	financial	results	in	

the	past	five	years,	despite	a	challenging	macroeconomic	environment.	

United	reported	a	first-quarter	profit,	with	record	revenue	of	$13.2	billion,	and	total	revenue	per	available	

seat	mile	(TRASM)	growth	of	0.5%	year-over-year.	The	company	had	first	quarter	pre-tax	earnings	of	$478	million,	

with	a	pre-tax	margin	of	3.6%;	and	adjusted	pre-tax	earnings1	of	$391	million,	with	an	adjusted	pre-tax	margin1	of	

3.0%.	The	company	also	achieved	diluted	earnings	per	share	of	$1.16	and	adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share1	of	

$0.91,	within	the	guidance	range	provided	at	the	start	of	the	quarter.

United	continued	to	build	brand	loyalty	in	the	first	quarter	and	saw	strong	growth	across	its	diversified	

revenue	streams.	Premium	cabin	revenue	rose	9.2%,	business	revenue	was	up	7.4%	and	revenue	from	Basic	

Economy	was	up	7.6%	year-over-year.	International	travel	remained	strong,	with	Atlantic	RASM	up	4.7%	and	

Pacific	RASM	up	8.5%	year-over-year.	Other	revenue	streams	such	as	cargo	and	loyalty	remained	resilient	and	

were	up	9.7%	and	9.4%	year-over-year,	respectively.	Forward	bookings	over	the	last	two	weeks	have	remained	

stable,	with	premium	cabins	up	17%	and	international	up	5%	year-over-year.

1	For	additional	information	about	the	non-GAAP	financial	measures	used	in	this	press	release,	see	"Non-GAAP	Financial	Information"	below.
2	Shares	repurchased	through	April	10,	2025.	
3	For	additional	information	about	United’s	adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share	guidance,	please	refer	to	the	Investor	Update	issued	in	connection	with	this	
quarterly	earnings	announcement.
4	Effective	January	1,	2025,	we	define	free	cash	flow	as	the	sum	of	net	cash	from	operating	activities	and	net	cash	from	investing	activities,	adjusted	for	the	
net	change	in	short-term	investments	and	the	net	change	in	restricted	cash.	For	additional	information	about	the	non-GAAP	financial	measures	used	in	this	
press	release,	including	free	cash	flow,	see	"Non-GAAP	Financial	Information"	below.



United	Airlines	Announces	First-Quarter	2025	Results

United	believes	our	proven	ability	to	win	brand-loyal	customers	is	a	competitive	advantage	and	will	make	

United	resilient	in	any	economic	environment.	In	response	to	the	current	demand	environment,	United	is	

removing	4	percentage	points	of	scheduled	domestic	capacity	starting	in	the	third	quarter	of	2025.	United	is	also	

continuing	to	make	prudent	adjustments	to	the	utilization	rate	of	its	fleet,	including	ongoing	reductions	in	off-peak	

flying	on	lower	demand	days.	The	airline	expects	to	continue	this	approach	into	the	fourth	quarter	of	2025.	

Additionally,	as	previously	announced,	United	will	retire	21	aircraft	earlier	than	previously	planned.	

“Our	strategy	coming	out	of	the	COVID	pandemic	was	simple:	Build	the	best	airline	in	the	world	to	attract	

brand-loyal	customers.	The	people	of	United	Airlines	have	executed	and	built	that	airline,"	said	United	CEO	Scott	

Kirby.	“United	Next	is	on	track	and	we	will	continue	to	execute	our	multiyear	plan	that	has	allowed	United	to	

thrive	in	any	demand	environment.	It	has	given	us	industry-leading	margins	in	the	good	times	and	we	expect	to	

expand	our	lead	further	in	challenging	economic	times.	Our	ability	to	win	brand-loyal	customers	and	the	resiliency	

of	our	business	is	a	competitive	advantage,	and	we	are	accelerating	our	investments	in	our	product,	service,	

technology	and	experience	to	further	expand	that	lead.”

Ongoing	investments	include	the	six	additional	gates	at	Chicago	O’Hare	expected	to	be	awarded	to	United	

this	fall	based	on	a	preliminary	assessment	by	the	Chicago	Department	of	Aviation,	due	to	United's	continued	

growth	and	commitment	to	Chicago	and	O'Hare.	The	airline	is	also	expanding	at	San	Francisco	and	plans	to	have	

the	fastest	WiFi	in	the	sky	with	Starlink	installed	on	its	entire	United	Express	fleet	by	the	end	of	this	year.	

Customers	will	also	continue	to	benefit	from	our	technology	investments	such	as	new,	more	detailed	connection	

information	in	the	United	app,	which	helped	over	99%	of	customers	using	it	to	make	their	connection,	and	Spanish	

translations	that	led	to	increased	digital	check-ins	for	international	travel.

United’s	operation	started	2025	stronger	than	any	previous	year	since	2021.	In	the	first	quarter	the	airline	

flew	the	largest	schedule	by	available	seat	miles	in	its	history,	carrying	a	record	of	over	450,000	customers	per	day	

on	average.	United	achieved	the	best	on-time	arrival	and	departure	rate	for	a	first	quarter	since	2021	and	cut	its	

seat	cancellation	rate	in	half	compared	to	the	first	quarter	of	2024.	Running	a	safe,	reliable	operation	continues	to	

be	United's	top	priority.

2



United	Airlines	Reports	First-Quarter	2025	Results	

First-Quarter	Financial	Results

• Capacity	up	4.9%	compared	to	first-quarter	2024.	

• Total	operating	revenue	of	$13.2	billion,	up	5.4%	compared	to	first-quarter	2024.	

• TRASM	up	0.5%	compared	to	first-quarter	2024.	

• CASM	down	3.4%,	and	CASM-ex1	up	0.3%,	compared	to	first-quarter	2024.	

• Pre-tax	earnings	of	$0.5	billion,	with	a	pre-tax	margin	of	3.6%;	adjusted	pre-tax	earnings1	of	$0.4	billion,	

with	an	adjusted	pre-tax	margin1	of	3.0%.

• Net	income	of	$0.4	billion;	adjusted	net	income1	of	$0.3	billion.

• Diluted	earnings	per	share	of	$1.16;	adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share1	of	$0.91.

• Average	fuel	price	per	gallon	of	$2.53.	

• Generated	$3.7	billion	of	operating	cash	flow.	

• Generated	$2.3	billion	of	free	cash	flow4.

• Ending	available	liquidity5	of	$18.3	billion.		

• Total	debt,	finance	lease	obligations	and	other	financial	liabilities	of	$27.7	billion	at	quarter	end.	

• Net	leverage6	of	2.0x.

• Year-to-date	repurchased	approximately	$451	million	of	shares2.

Key	Highlights	

• Announced	updates	and	enhanced	benefits	to	the	United	Family	of	Cards	from	Chase,	with	$800	to	$2,000	

in	total	annual	value	for	cardholders,	and	welcome	bonus	mile	offers	for	new	cardholders.	

• Received	FAA	certification	for	Starlink	WiFi,	with	fast,	reliable	and	free	WiFi	for	MileagePlus	members	

expected	onboard	certain	commercial	flights	as	early	as	May.	

• Achieved	our	highest	customer	satisfaction	scores	for	a	first	quarter,	an	increase	of	10%	year	over	year,	

recording	our	highest	ever	ratings	for	pilot	communication,	inflight	entertainment	and	check-in	experience	

based	on	the	Net	Promoter	Score	customer	satisfaction	scale.	

• United	operated	its	largest	first	quarter	schedule	by	available	seat	miles	in	its	history,	carrying	a	record	of	

over	450,000	customers	per	day	on	average,	including	nearly	90,000	on	average	in	United’s	industry-

leading	international	network.	

• United	Airlines	Ventures	(UAV),	United’s	corporate	venture	capital	unit	that	invests	in	start-ups	developing	

innovative	technologies	for	scaling	sustainable	aviation	fuel	and	advancing	the	aviation	industry,	

announced	an	investment	by	the	UAV	Sustainable	Flight	Fund	in	direct	carbon	capture	startup	Heirloom.		

• Named	to	Fortune’s	list	for	Most	Admired	Companies	for	the	fourth	consecutive	year.	

5	Includes	cash,	cash	equivalents,	short-term	investments	and	undrawn	credit	facilities.
6	Effective	January	1,	2025,	we	define	Adjusted	EBITDAR,	which	is	included	in	the	calculation	of	net	leverage	on	a	trailing	twelve	month	basis,	to	include	an	
additional	adjustment	for	the	fixed	portion	of	operating	lease	expense,	instead	of	solely	aircraft	rent	as	was	the	case	historically.	For	additional	information	
about	the	non-GAAP	financial	measures	used	in	this	press	release,	including	net	leverage	and	Adjusted	EBITDAR,	see	"Non-GAAP	Financial	Information"	
below.

3



United	Airlines	Reports	First-Quarter	2025	Results	

Customer	Experience	

• Customers	continue	to	adopt	self-service	tools	for	a	more	seamless	travel	experience,	with	digital	check-in	

reaching	a	record	high	of	85%	in	the	first	quarter	and	kiosk	check-in	dropping	to	a	record	low	rate	of	8%.	

• Saw	increased	engagement	with	the	United	app	as	83%	of	customers	used	it	for	day-of	travel	needs	in	the	

first	quarter,	a	5%	increase	year-over-year,	driven	by	in-app	enhancements	like	Spanish	translation	and	

new,	improved	connection	information	in	the	Travel	Mode	feature	for	quick	access	to	key	trip	details.	

• Returned	guest	favorite	Daelmans	Stroopwafel	for	domestic	snacks	for	flights	over	300	miles,	introduced	a	

revamped	meal	service	to	long-haul	Hawaii	flights	for	all	cabins,	including	themed	entrees,	and	added	hot	

meals	for	economy	guests	and	sundae	carts	featuring	Tillamook	ice	cream	and	other	desserts	for	first	class	

passengers.		

• Uncorked	the	exclusive	United	Polaris®	wine	collaboration	with	Laurent-Perrier,	becoming	the	only	North	

American	airline	to	serve	Laurent-Perrier’s	La	Cuvée,	and	introduced	three	new	canned	cocktails	from	

Chicago-based	Crafthouse	Cocktails	on	domestic	flights,	in	collaboration	with	James	Beard	Award-winning	

mixologist,	Charles	Joly.	

• Named	by	USA	Today	to	America’s	Best	Customer	Service	2025,	and	MileagePlus®	was	named	to	

Newsweek’s	list	of	America’s	Best	Loyalty	Programs	for	2025.

• Introduced	inflight	entertainment	enhancements	such	as	a	Control	Tower	feature,	allowing	customers	a	

unique	view	of	an	airport’s	airfield	map.

Operations	

• Achieved	the	Company's	best	on-time	departure	and	arrival	for	a	first	quarter	since	2021,	and	ranked	first	

in	on-time	departures	at	United’s	hubs	in	San	Francisco,	Los	Angeles	and	Washington	D.C.	among	airlines	

with	comparable	operations	at	those	airports.

• Recorded	the	second	lowest	seat	cancel	rate	for	a	first	quarter	in	company	history,	at	half	the	rate	of	the	

year-ago	period.	

• United	Express	more	than	doubled	its	record	of	100%	completion	days	in	the	first	quarter,	at	21	days.	

• Opened	a	state-of-the-art	Tech	Ops	Training	Facility	at	the	airline’s	Houston	hub	and	broke	ground	on	a	

$315	million	Tech	Ops	complex	in	Orlando	in	collaboration	with	the	Greater	Orlando	Aviation	Authority.	

• Set	company	records	for	on-time	performance	and	completion	at	line	stations	with	at	least	10	flights	per	

day.	

Network

• In	the	first	quarter,	United	took	delivery	of	its	1,000th	mainline	jet,	enabling	continued	expansion	of	its	

premium	offerings	with	69,000	average	daily	premium	seats	flown	across	the	system	in	the	quarter,	an	

increase	of	7%	year-over-year.	

4



United	Airlines	Reports	First-Quarter	2025	Results	

• Re-started	service	to	Tel	Aviv,	Israel	from	New	York/Newark,	with	twice	daily	service,	more	service	than	

any	other	U.S.	airline	currently	provides.	

• United	expanded	its	service	to	warm-weather,	customer-favorite	destinations,	flying	its	largest	ever	first-

quarter	schedules	to	the	Caribbean,	Latin	America	and	Africa,	additionally	operating	its	largest	first-

quarter	schedule	to	domestic	sun	destinations	at	over	11	million	seats.	

• Launched	its	first-ever	nonstop	flight	between	New	York/Newark	and	Dominica	in	February.	

• Added	or	upgauged	210	flights	to	help	customers	reach	major	special	events	like	college	and	professional	

football	championships	and	Mardi	Gras.	

Employees	and	Communities	

• More	than	850	employees	volunteered	more	than	6,900	hours	at	non-profit	organizations	supporting	local	

communities	around	the	world	in	the	first	quarter,	with	United’s	business	resource	groups	hosting	over	30	

events	in	honor	of	MLK	Day	of	Service	and	other	volunteerism	efforts	in	the	quarter.	

• As	a	partner	of	Airlink,	United	transported	over	8,000	pounds	of	cargo	to	Los	Angeles	to	aid	those	affected	

by	the	fires,	additionally	donating	close	to	15	million	miles	and	nearly	$400,000	for	disaster	relief	with	the	

support	of	United	customers.	

• United	was	recognized	as	a	top	employer,	being	named	as	one	of	Forbes’	Best	Large	Employers	in	2025	

and	one	of	the	Best	Workplaces	for	Black	Americans	and	Women	by	Newsweek.

• Chief	Operations	Officer	Toby	Enqvist	was	elected	to	the	Special	Olympics	International	Board	of	Directors	

in	April.	He	will	build	on	the	partnership	United	launched	in	2017	that	created	the	industry-leading Special	
Olympics	Service	Ambassador	program,	enabling Special	Olympics	Athlete	Leaders	to	use	their	talents	and	

develop	their	skills	by	helping	United	customers	in	airports.

• Hosted	career	day	events	for	high	schoolers	at	Houston	and	Newark	hubs	in	collaboration	with	the	

Houston	Texans	and	New	York	Giants	to	educate	students	on	future	careers	in	aviation.	

5



United	Airlines	Reports	First-Quarter	2025	Results	

Earnings	Call
UAL	will	hold	a	conference	call	to	discuss	first-quarter	2025	financial	results,	as	well	as	its	financial	and	operational	outlook	for	
the	second-quarter	2025	and	beyond,	on	Wednesday,	April	16,	2025	at	9:30	a.m.	CST/10:30	a.m.	EST.	A	live,	listen-only	
webcast	of	the	conference	call	will	be	available	at	ir.united.com.	The	webcast	will	be	available	for	replay	within	24	hours	of	
the	conference	call	and	then	archived	on	the	website.

Outlook
This	press	release	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	the	company's	Investor	Update	issued	in	connection	with	this	quarterly	
earnings	announcement,	which	provides	additional	information	on	the	company's	business	outlook	(including	certain	financial	
and	operational	guidance)	and	is	furnished	with	this	press	release	to	the	U.S.	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	on	a	
Current	Report	on	Form	8-K.	The	Investor	Update	is	also	available	at	ir.united.com.	Management	will	also	discuss	certain	
business	outlook	items,	including	providing	certain	second	quarter	and	full	year	2025	financial	targets,	during	the	quarterly	
earnings	conference	call.

The	company's	business	outlook	is	subject	to	risks	and	uncertainties	applicable	to	all	forward-looking	statements	as	described	
elsewhere	in	this	press	release.	Please	see	the	section	entitled	"Cautionary	Statement	Regarding	Forward-Looking	
Statements."

About	United	
At	United,	Good	Leads	The	Way.	With	hubs	in	Chicago,	Denver,	Houston,	Los	Angeles,	New	York/Newark,	San	Francisco	and	
Washington,	D.C.,	United	operates	the	most	comprehensive	global	route	network	among	North	American	carriers,	and	is	now	
the	largest	airline	in	the	world.	For	more	about	how	to	join	the	United	team,	please	visit	www.united.com/careers	and	more	
information	about	the	company	is	at	www.united.com.	United	Airlines	Holdings,	Inc.,	the	parent	company	of	United	Airlines,	
Inc.,	is	traded	on	the	Nasdaq	under	the	symbol	"UAL".	

Website	Information
We	routinely	post	important	news	and	information	regarding	United	on	our	corporate	website,	www.united.com,	and	our	
investor	relations	website,	ir.united.com.	We	use	our	investor	relations	website	as	a	primary	channel	for	disclosing	key	
information	to	our	investors,	including	the	timing	of	future	investor	conferences	and	earnings	calls,	press	releases	and	other	
information	about	financial	performance	(including	financial	guidance),	reports	filed	or	furnished	with	the	U.S.	Securities	and	
Exchange	Commission,	information	on	corporate	governance	and	details	related	to	our	annual	meeting	of	shareholders.	We	
may	use	our	investor	relations	website	as	a	means	of	disclosing	material,	non-public	information	(including	financial	guidance)	
and	for	complying	with	our	disclosure	obligations	under	Regulation	FD.	We	encourage	investors,	the	media	and	others	
interested	in	the	company	to	visit	this	website	from	time	to	time,	as	information	is	updated	and	new	information	is	posted.	
We	may	also	use	social	media	channels	to	communicate	with	our	investors	and	the	public	about	our	company	and	other	
matters,	and	those	communications	could	be	deemed	to	be	material	information.	The	information	contained	on,	or	that	may	
be	accessed	through,	our	website	or	social	media	channels	are	not	incorporated	by	reference	into,	and	are	not	a	part	of,	this	
document.

Cautionary	Statement	Regarding	Forward-Looking	Statements:	
This	press	release	and	the	related	attachments	and	Investor	Update	(as	well	as	the	oral	statements	made	with	respect	to	
information	contained	in	this	release	and	the	attachments)	contain	certain	"forward-looking	statements,"	within	the	meaning	
of	Section	27A	of	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended,	and	Section	21E	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended,	
relating	to,	among	other	things,	goals,	plans	and	projections	regarding	the	company's	financial	position,	results	of	operations,	
market	position,	airline	capacity,	fleet	plan	strategy,	fares,	announced	routes	(which	may	be	subject	to	government	approval),	
booking	trends,	product	development,	corporate	citizenship-related	strategy	initiatives	and	business	strategy.	Such	forward-
looking	statements	are	based	on	historical	performance	and	current	expectations,	estimates,	forecasts	and	projections	about	
the	company's	future	financial	results,	goals,	plans,	commitments,	strategies	and	objectives	and	involve	inherent	risks,	
assumptions	and	uncertainties,	known	or	unknown,	including	internal	or	external	factors	that	could	delay,	divert	or	change	
any	of	them,	that	are	difficult	to	predict,	may	be	beyond	the	company's	control	and	could	cause	the	company's	future	
financial	results,	goals,	plans,	commitments,	strategies	and	objectives	to	differ	materially	from	those	expressed	in,	or	implied	
by,	the	statements.	Words	such	as	"should,"	"could,"	"would,"	"will,"	"may,"	"expects,"	"plans,"	"intends,"	"anticipates,"	
"indicates,"	"remains,"	"believes,"	"estimates,"	"projects,"	"forecast,"	"guidance,"	"outlook,"	"goals,"	"targets,"	"pledge,"	
"confident,"	"optimistic,"	"dedicated,"	"positioned,"	"on	track",	"path"	and	other	words	and	terms	of	similar	meaning	and	
expression	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking	statements,	although	not	all	forward-looking	statements	contain	such	
terms.	All	statements,	other	than	those	that	relate	solely	to	historical	facts,	are	forward-looking	statements.

6



United	Airlines	Reports	First-Quarter	2025	Results	

Additionally,	forward-looking	statements	include	conditional	statements	and	statements	that	identify	uncertainties	or	trends,	
discuss	the	possible	future	effects	of	known	trends	or	uncertainties,	or	that	indicate	that	the	future	effects	of	known	trends	or	
uncertainties	cannot	be	predicted,	guaranteed	or	assured.	All	forward-looking	statements	in	this	release	are	based	upon	
information	available	to	us	on	the	date	of	this	release.	We	undertake	no	obligation	to	publicly	update	or	revise	any	forward-
looking	statement,	whether	as	a	result	of	new	information,	future	events,	changed	circumstances	or	otherwise,	except	as	
required	by	applicable	law	or	regulation.

Our	actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	these	forward-looking	statements	due	to	numerous	factors	including,	without	
limitation,	the	following:	execution	risks	associated	with	our	strategic	operating	plan;	changes	in	our	fleet	and	network	
strategy	or	other	factors	outside	our	control	resulting	in	less	economic	aircraft	orders,	costs	related	to	modification	or	
termination	of	aircraft	orders	or	entry	into	aircraft	orders	on	less	favorable	terms,	as	well	as	any	inability	to	accept	or	
integrate	new	aircraft	into	our	fleet	as	planned,	including	as	a	result	of	any	mandatory	groundings	of	aircraft;	any	failure	to	
effectively	manage,	and	receive	anticipated	benefits	and	returns	from,	acquisitions,	divestitures,	investments,	joint	ventures	
and	other	portfolio	actions,	or	related	exposures	to	unknown	liabilities	or	other	issues	or	underperformance	as	compared	to	
our	expectations;	adverse	publicity,	increased	regulatory	scrutiny,	harm	to	our	brand,	reduced	travel	demand,	potential	tort	
liability	and	operational	restrictions	as	a	result	of	an	accident,	catastrophe	or	incident	involving	us,	our	regional	carriers,	our	
codeshare	partners	or	another	airline;	the	highly	competitive	nature	of	the	global	airline	industry	and	susceptibility	of	the	
industry	to	price	discounting	and	changes	in	capacity,	including	as	a	result	of	alliances,	joint	business	arrangements	or	other	
consolidations;	our	reliance	on	a	limited	number	of	suppliers	to	source	a	majority	of	our	aircraft,	engines	and	certain	parts,	
and	the	impact	of	any	failure	to	obtain	timely	deliveries,	additional	equipment	or	support	from	any	of	these	suppliers;	
disruptions	to	our	regional	network	and	United	Express	flights	provided	by	third-party	regional	carriers;	unfavorable	economic	
and	political	conditions	in	the	United	States	and	globally;	reliance	on	third-party	service	providers	and	the	impact	of	any	
significant	failure	of	these	parties	to	perform	as	expected,	or	interruptions	in	our	relationships	with	these	providers	or	their	
provision	of	services;	extended	interruptions	or	disruptions	in	service	at	major	airports	where	we	operate	and	space,	facility	
and	infrastructure	constraints	at	our	hubs	or	other	airports;	geopolitical	conflict,	terrorist	attacks	or	security	events	(including	
the	suspension	of	our	overflying	in	Russian	airspace	as	a	result	of	the	Russia-Ukraine	military	conflict	and	interruptions	of	our	
flying	as	a	result	of	the	military	conflict	in	the	Middle	East,	as	well	as	any	escalation	of	the	broader	economic	consequences	of	
these	conflicts	beyond	their	current	scope);	any	damage	to	our	reputation	or	brand	image;	our	reliance	on	technology	and	
automated	systems	to	operate	our	business	and	the	impact	of	any	significant	failure	or	disruption	of,	or	failure	to	effectively	
integrate	and	implement,	these	technologies	or	systems;	increasing	privacy,	data	security	and	cybersecurity	obligations	or	a	
significant	data	breach;	increased	use	of	social	media	platforms	by	us,	our	employees	and	others;	the	impacts	of	union	
disputes,	employee	strikes	or	slowdowns,	and	other	labor-related	disruptions	or	regulatory	compliance	costs	on	our	
operations	or	financial	performance;	any	failure	to	attract,	train	or	retain	skilled	personnel,	including	our	senior	management	
team	or	other	key	employees;	the	monetary	and	operational	costs	of	compliance	with	extensive	government	regulation	of	the	
airline	industry;	current	or	future	litigation	and	regulatory	actions,	or	failure	to	comply	with	the	terms	of	any	settlement,	
order	or	agreement	relating	to	these	actions;	costs,	liabilities	and	risks	associated	with	environmental	regulation	and	climate	
change;	high	and/or	volatile	fuel	prices	or	significant	disruptions	in	the	supply	of	aircraft	fuel;	the	impacts	of	our	significant	
amount	of	financial	leverage	from	fixed	obligations	and	the	impacts	of	insufficient	liquidity	on	our	financial	condition	and	
business;	failure	to	comply	with	financial	and	other	covenants	governing	our	debt,	including	our	MileagePlus	senior	secured	
notes;	limitations	on	our	ability	to	use	our	net	operating	loss	carryforwards	and	certain	other	tax	attributes	to	offset	future	
taxable	income	for	U.S.	federal	income	tax	purposes;	our	failure	to	realize	the	full	value	of	our	intangible	assets	or	our	long-
lived	assets,	causing	us	to	record	impairments;	fluctuations	in	the	price	of	our	common	stock;	the	impacts	of	seasonality,	and	
other	factors	associated	with	the	airline	industry;	increases	in	insurance	costs	or	inadequate	insurance	coverage;	risks	relating	
to	our	repurchase	program	for	shares	of	common	stock	and	certain	warrants	exercisable	for	common	stock;	and	other	risks	
and	uncertainties	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A.	Risk	Factors	of	our	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	the	fiscal	year	ended	
December	31,	2024,	as	well	as	other	risks	and	uncertainties	set	forth	from	time	to	time	in	the	reports	we	file	with	the	U.S.	
Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.

Non-GAAP	Financial	Information:
In	discussing	financial	results	and	guidance,	the	company	refers	to	financial	measures	that	are	not	in	accordance	with	U.S.	
Generally	Accepted	Accounting	Principles	("GAAP").	The	non-GAAP	financial	measures	are	provided	as	supplemental	
information	to	the	financial	measures	presented	in	this	press	release	that	are	calculated	and	presented	in	accordance	with	
GAAP	and	are	presented	because	management	believes	that	they	supplement	or	enhance	management's,	analysts'	and	
investors'	overall	understanding	of	the	company's	underlying	financial	performance	and	trends	and	facilitate	comparisons	
among	current,	past	and	future	periods.	Non-GAAP	financial	measures	typically	have	exclusions	or	adjustments	that	include	
one	or	more	of	the	following	characteristics,	such	as	being	highly	variable,	difficult	to	project,	unusual	in	nature,	significant	to	
the	results	of	a	particular	period	or	not	indicative	of	past	or	future	operating	results.	These	items	are	excluded	because	the	
company	believes	they	neither	relate	to	the	ordinary	course	of	the	company's	business	nor	reflect	the	company's	underlying	
business	performance.

7



United	Airlines	Reports	First-Quarter	2025	Results	

Because	the	non-GAAP	financial	measures	are	not	calculated	in	accordance	with	GAAP,	they	should	not	be	considered	
superior	to	and	are	not	intended	to	be	considered	in	isolation	or	as	a	substitute	for	the	related	GAAP	financial	measures	
presented	in	the	press	release	and	may	not	be	the	same	as	or	comparable	to	similarly	titled	measures	presented	by	other	
companies	due	to	possible	differences	in	method	and	in	the	items	being	adjusted.	We	encourage	investors	to	review	our	
financial	statements	and	publicly-filed	reports	in	their	entirety	and	not	to	rely	on	any	single	financial	measure.	The	company	
does	not	provide	a	reconciliation	of	forward-looking	measures	where	the	company	believes	such	a	reconciliation	would	imply	
a	degree	of	precision	and	certainty	that	could	be	confusing	to	investors	and	is	unable	to	reasonably	predict	certain	items	
contained	in	the	GAAP	measures	without	unreasonable	efforts.	This	is	due	to	the	inherent	difficulty	of	forecasting	the	timing	
or	amount	of	various	items	that	have	not	yet	occurred	and	are	out	of	the	company's	control	or	cannot	be	reasonably	
predicted.	For	the	same	reasons,	the	company	is	unable	to	address	the	probable	significance	of	the	unavailable	information.	
Forward-looking	non-GAAP	financial	measures	provided	without	the	most	directly	comparable	GAAP	financial	measures	may	
vary	materially	from	the	corresponding	GAAP	financial	measures.

Please	refer	to	the	tables	accompanying	this	release	for	a	description	of	the	non-GAAP	adjustments	and	reconciliations	of	the	
historical	non-GAAP	financial	measures	used	to	the	most	comparable	GAAP	financial	measure	and	related	disclosures.

Change	in	Presentation:	
In	the	first	quarter	of	2025,	the	Company	changed	its	rounding	presentation	to	the	nearest	whole	number	in	millions	of	
reported	amounts,	except	per	share	data	or	as	otherwise	designated.	As	such,	certain	columns	and	rows	within	the	financial	
statements	and	tables	presented	may	not	sum	due	to	rounding.	Per	unit	amounts	have	been	calculated	from	the	underlying	
whole-dollar	amounts.	This	change	is	not	material	and	does	not	impact	the	comparability	of	our	condensed	consolidated	
financial	statements.

-tables	attached-

8