The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Tuesday, July 30, 2024 1:30 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 9

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o4b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the
Board

ANALYSTS
Mark Stiefel Astrachan

Andrea Faria Teixeira Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Incorporated, Research Division
Division

Olivia Tong Cheang
Bonnie Lee Herzog Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
Research Division

Peter K. Grom
Bryan Douglass Spillane UBS Investment Bank, Research
BofA Securities, Research Division Division

Christopher Michael Carey Robert Bain Moskow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, TD Cowen, Research Division
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Dara Warren Mohsenian Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Morgan Stanley, Research Division Research Division

Filippo Falorni Stephen Robert R. Powers
Citigroup Inc., Research Division Deutsche Bank AG, Research

Division
Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
BNP Paribas Exane, Research
Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning, and welcome to Procter & Gamble's Quarter End Conference Call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results to differ materially from these projections.
As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs to make you aware that during the discussion, the
company will make a number of references to non-GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble
believes these measures provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business trends and has
posted on its Investor Relations website, www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today are Jon Moeller, Chairman of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer; and John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
I will start with an overview of results for fiscal year '24 and for the fourth quarter. Jon will add perspective
on our strategic focus areas and capabilities. And we'll close with guidance for fiscal '25 and then take your
questions.
Fiscal '24 was another strong year. Execution of our integrated strategies enabled the company to meet or
exceed going-in guidance ranges for organic sales growth, operating growth, cash productivity and cash
returned to shareowners. All this despite significant market-level headwinds that were largely unknown
when we gave our initial outlook for the year.
Organic sales growth for the fiscal year was 4%, our sixth consecutive year of 4% or better organic growth
against a strong 7% comp in the prior year and in more challenging market conditions. Growth was broad-
based across business units, with 8 of 10 product categories growing organic sales. Home Care, Hair Care
and Grooming were up high single digits. Oral Care and Family Care up mid-singles. Fabric Care, Family
Care and Personal Health Care grew low single digits. Skin and Personal Care and Baby Care were down
low singles.
Focus Markets grew 4% for the year, with North America up 5% and Europe Focus Markets up 8%. Greater
China organic sales were down 9% versus the prior year, driven by soft market conditions and brand-
specific headwinds on SK-II. Enterprise Markets were up 6%, led by Latin America with 15% organic sales
growth. E-commerce sales increased 9%, now representing 18% of the total company.
Our strategy, focused on driving market growth, continues to drive share growth for P&G. All channel
market value sales in the U.S. categories in which we compete grew around 5% in fiscal '24. P&G
consumption grew ahead of our fair share of category growth, driving modest value and volume share
growth for the year. We grew global aggregate value share. 30 of 50 category country combinations held
or grew share for the year. Importantly, the share growth is broad-based, 6 of 10 product categories grew
share globally over the past year.
Core earnings per share were $6.59, up 12% for the year. Core gross margin improved 360 basis points
and core operating margin increased 170 basis points. Over $2.3 billion of productivity improvements
enabled by significant increase in investment in superior products, packages and brand communication
to drive market growth. On a currency-neutral basis, core EPS was up 16% and core operating margin
increased 250 basis points. Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 105%. We increased our dividend by

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

7% and returned over $14 billion of value to shareowners, $9.3 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share
repurchase.
Moving on to fourth quarter results. Organic sales rounded down to 2%. Volume was up 2%, solid
sequential progress. Pricing was up 1% and mix was in line with prior year. Growth continues to be broad-
based across categories and regions.
9 of 10 product categories grew or held organic sales in the quarter. Home Care, Hair Care, Grooming and
Oral Care were each up high single digits. Feminine Care, up low singles. Skin and Personal Care, Fabric
Care, Personal Health Care and Family Care were each in line with prior year. Baby Care was down mid-
singles.
5 of 7 regions grew organic sales, with Focus Markets up 2% and Enterprise Markets up 2% for the
quarter. Organic sales in North America grew 4%, with 4 points of volume growth and price/mix in line
with prior year.
European Focus Markets organic sales were up 2% against a strong 12% comp in the base period. Volume
was up 3%. Price/mix was down 1 point as the region has now fully annualized prior year inflation-driven
pricing.
Latin America organic sales were up 8%, including high singles growth in Brazil. Of note, Argentina's
overall contribution to organic sales for the region and the company were lower than in the last few
quarters due to the divestiture of a portion of the business in March and a notable decline in shipment
volume for the remaining categories.
As was announced earlier this month, we have divested the remaining portions of our operations in
Argentina. As a result, Argentina will be largely removed from our organic sales reporting in fiscal year
'25. Select P&G brands will still be available in the market through a distribution and licensing agreement
with a new owner of the operations.
Greater China organic sales declined 8%. Underlying market conditions have remained weak, and the 6/18
key consumption period was down sharply versus prior year, just as well in the 11/11 Chinese New Year
and Valentine Day shopping periods. Also, brand-specific headwinds have continued on SK-II due to its
Japanese heritage. We expect general market trends and the dynamics related to SK-II to improve over
time, though it will likely be another quarter or 2 until we return to growth.
Volume trends in sum. Europe, Enterprise and Asia Pacific, Middle East Africa countries, such as Egypt,
Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Indonesia, Malaysia and Russia have remained soft. We expect these headwinds to
moderate or annualize over the coming periods. Global aggregate market share was down 30 basis points
as we are now annualizing very strong growth in European Focus Markets. 25 of our top 50 category
country combinations held or grew share for the quarter.
On the bottom line, core earnings per share were $1.40, up 2% versus the prior year. On a currency-
neutral basis, core EPS increased 6%. Core gross margin increased 140 basis points and core operating
margin decreased 100 basis points. Strong productivity improvements of 250 basis points, funding a
meaningful increase in marketing investment. Currency-neutral core operating margin decreased 60
basis points. Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 148%. We returned nearly $4 billion of cash to
shareowners this quarter, over $2.4 billion in dividends and $1.5 billion in share repurchases.
In summary, we met or exceeded each of our going-in target ranges for the year: Organic sales growth,
core EPS growth, free cash flow productivity and cash return to shareowners. Strong performance again
this year in a challenging economic and geopolitical environment.
With that, I'll pass it over to Jon.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Thanks, Andre. I'll start with a few thoughts on results before discussing the strategy. Our team continues
to execute the strategy with excellence, enabling strong results over each of the past 6 years; pre-COVID,
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

during COVID, through a historic inflationary and pricing cycle and through geopolitical tensions; organic
sales growth of plus 5%, plus 6%, plus 6%, plus 7%, plus 7% and plus 4% over the last fiscal years.
Strong earnings growth and gross and operating margin expansion. Very strong cash generation and over
$96 billion of cash returned to shareowners over those 6 years.
For fiscal '24, going-in organic sales guidance was 4% to 5%. We delivered 4% in a very volatile
environment. Flat volume for the year with improving trajectory through the year, 2% growth in the fourth
quarter. Strong volume growth in North America and Europe Focused Markets offsetting soft markets in
Enterprise regions and China.
Going-in core EPS guidance of 6% to 9%, delivered 12%. Core gross margin at a 17-year high with strong
productivity improvement funding strong marketing investments. Going-in cash productivity outlook of
90%, delivered 105%, which enabled a 7% dividend increase, the 68th consecutive year of increase and
the 134th consecutive year paying a dividend. As Andre said, strong results in a challenging environment.
To be very clear, there's still more work to do to continue improving areas in our control which will be
needed to offset the headwinds that are largely not in our control. We'll double down on superiority across
all 5 vectors. We'll double down on productivity up and down the P&L and across balance sheet. We'll
double down on enabling our organization to execute our integrated strategy with excellence, to delight
consumers and win in the marketplace, to deliver the level of balanced growth and value-creation results
you and we expect.
Our strategy is dynamic and sustainable. It adapts to the changing needs of consumers, customers
and society, and is focused on growing markets. Creating versus taking business, the most sustainable
and typically most profitable way to grow. A focused portfolio of daily use products in categories where
performance drives brand choice. The portfolio is performing, delivering broad-based growth across nearly
all categories and most geographies.
As you know, we are active managers of our portfolio. Over the last several years, we've made some
targeted additions and subtractions in that portfolio. We've adjusted our operating model in several
markets. Each of these moves were made with a focus on long-term balanced growth and value creation.
The second strategy element: Ongoing commitment to and investment in irresistible superiority through
innovation, across the 5 vectors of product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value,
holistically defined. Leveraging that superiority to delight consumers, grow markets and our share in them.
To jointly create value with retail partners. The plans across the businesses are broader and stronger than
any time in the recent past as each team works to increase their margin of superiority and consumer
delight.
Superior innovations that are driven by deep consumer insights, communicated to consumers with more
effective and efficient marketing programs, executed in stores and online in conjunction with retailer
strategies to grow categories and our brands, and priced to deliver superior value across each price tier
where we compete.
We've talked many times about the superiority-driven market growth, share growth and sales growth
we've achieved with products like Tide and Ariel PODS, Downy and Lenor laundry scent beads, and Dawn
and Fairy EZ-Squeeze and Powerwash.
Two more examples. Oral-B iO power toothbrushes deliver superior cleaning and delightful user
experience. Superior communication includes the insight that manual brushes leave 50% of plaque
behind. But Oral-B iO delivers 100% more plaque bacterial removal with its round head and removes
plaque in hard-to-reach places. This superior proposition is accelerating in power brush trial and adoption,
bringing new power brush users into the category, driving high single-digit market growth of the power
brush category, double-digit sales growth for Oral-B Power and 2 points of Oral-B value share growth over
the past 12 months.
Native, our premium Personal Care brand, is delivering superiority across all 5 vectors and across multiple
product forms, including deodorants, body wash, shampoo and conditioners. Superior performance
with fewer ingredients and irresistible scents, transparent labeling and clean white packaging. Superior
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

retail execution and strong retailer partnerships showcasing the full range of forms and scents. Premium
positioning within the category, providing superior value for the consumer looking for an offering with
more natural ingredients.
Native has driven a step-change in market value growth for the U.S. deodorants and personal care
categories from low singles to mid-teens. Native sales have grown nearly 10x over the last 5 years to over
$700 million in fiscal '24.
Third strategy element, productivity improvement in all areas of our operations. In order to fund
investments in innovation, brand building and market growth, to mitigate cost and currency challenges,
and to expand margins and generate cash. We delivered very strong cost savings in fiscal '24. Visibility
to more savings opportunities is increasing as the businesses continue to build their 3-year rolling
productivity master plans.
We have an objective for gross savings and cost of goods sold of up to $1.5 billion before tax, enabled
by platform programs with global application across categories, like Supply Chain 3.0. We're working in a
new way with retailers on the totality of the supply chain, end-to-end versus simply trying to optimize our
respective pieces.
One example, using data and machine learning algorithms to optimize truck scheduling to minimize idle
time of drivers. We're also using digital tools to optimize fill rates and for dynamic routing and sourcing
optimization. $200 million to $300 million of savings opportunity across these areas.
We have line of sight to savings from improved marketing productivity, more efficiency and greater
effectiveness, avoiding excess frequency and reducing waste while increasing reach. We're taking targeted
steps to reduce overhead as we digitize more of our operations.
Next, constructive disruption of ourselves and our industry. A willingness to change, adapt and create
new trends, technologies and capabilities that will shape the future of our industry and extend our
competitive advantage. We continue to be a constructive disruptor of brand building, in-housing more
of the media planning and placement activity using our proprietary tools and consumer data to increase
the effectiveness and efficiency of our communication. We're disrupting traditional lab-based innovation
models to dramatically increase the speed and breadth of discovery.
Last, but clearly not least, we've organized -- sorry. We've designed and continued to refine an
empowered, agile and accountable organization, an inclusive and diverse organization, enabling us to
better serve and increasingly diverse set of consumers.
Strong progress across all strategic pillars with significant opportunity ahead of us. No reason to stand
still, as illustrated by the four focus areas that we've outlined previously.
Number one, Supply Chain 3.0. It's delivering productivity as you can see in the results. We're also
driving improved agility, flexibility, scalability and transparency in a rapidly evolving landscape. Optimized,
sustainable and flexible, up and down the supply chain, inclusive of our retail partners. All of this is
driving higher quality, increased supply assurance and higher on-shelf availability of our products, and of
course, better cash and cost structures. These programs improve superiority with consumers and further
strengthen what is already the top-ranked supply chain by our retail partners in third-party industry
surveys.
Next, environmental sustainability. Superior propositions for consumers, customers and shareowners
that are more sustainable. Driving sales and profitability while reducing the footprint of our operations.
Enabling consumers to reduce their footprint. And innovating to deliver cross-industry solutions for some
of our most pressing challenges.
The next focus area is digital acumen. Leveraging data and digitization to delight consumers, streamline
the supply chain, increase quality, drive productivity, all driving shareowner value. One example is the
improvement we've delivered in ad copy qualification and media buying with proprietary digital tools we've
developed and the digital molecule development work in Fabric Care. We've built similar tools to drive
faster, cheaper and better innovation in perfume, which benefits almost every product category in the
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

company. We're also digitizing more of our back office work processes to lower costs and drive efficiencies
while delivering higher-quality output.
Each of these examples has obvious cost benefits, but they're also driving product and package
superiority, superior brand communication to consumers, superior retail execution in-store and online,
stronger internal controls and jobs that enable people to focus on higher-order tasks with greater business
impact.
Last focus area, a superior value equation for all employees, for all roles, to ensure we continue to attract,
retain and develop the best talent and are best positioned to serve all consumers.
These four focus areas are not separate strategies. They simply strengthen our ability to execute our
integrated growth strategy. Our strategic choices on portfolio, superiority, productivity, constructive
disruption in the organization, reinforce and build on each other. We continue to believe there's merit
in doubling down on this integrated strategy, starting with a commitment to deliver irresistibly superior
propositions to consumers and retail partners fueled by productivity.
We remain as confident as ever in our strategy and our ability to drive market growth and to deliver
balanced growth and value creation to delight consumers, customers, employees, society and
shareowners.
At the end of the day, P&G serves people with a strong desire to improve their lives and the lives of their
families. I believe in the capabilities and commitment of P&G people to serve consumers and to do this in
the most responsible way consistent with P&G's values and principles.
I'm excited about what lays ahead. Of course, we'll continue to face challenges, but the future holds great
promise. We have many opportunities ahead to grow markets, grow our business and create significant
value for our owners.
With that, I'll hand it back to Andre to outline our guidance for the new year.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Jon. As we enter fiscal '25, we continue to expect the environment around us to remain
volatile and challenging from input costs, currencies, to consumer competitors, retailers and geopolitical
dynamics. As Jon said, we'll navigate these challenges with our dynamic integrated strategy guided by
consumers every step of the way.
Our going-in guidance for fiscal '25 is consistent with our long-term algorithm. On the top line, we
currently expect the market in which we compete to deliver local currency sales growth in the range of
3% to 4% for the year. Our objective is to grow organic sales modestly ahead of the underlying growth in
these markets. This translates to an organic sales growth guidance range of 3% to 5% for the fiscal year.
Apologies, I have my mic muted.
On the bottom line, our algorithm calls for mid- to high single-digit core earnings per share growth. Our
core EPS guidance range for fiscal '25 starts the year at 5% to 7% versus fiscal '24 core EPS of $6.59.
This guidance equates to a range of $6.91 to $7.05 per share, $6.98, up 6% at the center of the range.
This outlook includes a commodity cost headwind of approximately $300 million after tax and a foreign
exchange headwind of approximately $200 million after tax. Combined foreign exchange and commodities
are projected to be a headwind of $0.20 per share for fiscal '25 or a 3 percentage point drag on core EPS
growth. In addition, the prior fiscal year included benefits from several minor brand divestitures and we
expect a somewhat higher tax rate in the new fiscal year. Combined, these are an additional $0.10 to
$0.12 headwind to core EPS.
We expect adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% for the year. This includes an increase in capital
spending as we add capacity in several categories. We expect to pay around $10 billion in dividends and to

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

repurchase $6 billion to $7 billion of common stock. Combined, a plan to return $16 billion to $17 billion of
cash to shareowners this fiscal year.
While we are clear-eyed on the challenges in the market and the work needed to continue to drive the
business, fiscal '25 guidance for top line, bottom line and cash are each consistent with our long-term
algorithm.
A few items for you to consider as you build your quarter-to-quarter estimates. On the top line, please
keep in mind that the July to the September period has the most difficult comp for the year and many of
the market-level challenges we've noted will not fully annualize or improve materially in our estimate until
the second half of the year.
On the bottom line, the foreign exchange and commodity headwinds skew a bit towards the front half
of the year, and the back half comps include the benefit of the tax items and minor brand divestitures I
mentioned earlier. This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and
foreign exchange rates. Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical
disruptions, major supply chain disruptions or store closures are not anticipated within the guidance
ranges.
With that, I'll hand it back to Jon for his closing thoughts.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
We're very pleased with the strong results P&G people have delivered over the last year and inclusive
of prior years in a very challenging and volatile environment. The earnings power and value creation
potential of the company are as strong as ever. We continue to believe that the best path forward
to deliver sustainable, balanced growth is to double down on the strategy: Excellent execution of an
integrated set of market-constructive strategies, delivered with a focus on balanced top and bottom line
growth and value creation, starting with the commitment to deliver irresistibly superior propositions to
consumers and retail partners.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division
I guess the question that we've fielded a few times this morning, and if you could touch on this a bit. Just
the last couple of quarters, it seems like organic sales have come in maybe slower or lower than expected
-- than you were expecting at the start of each quarter. So maybe if you can touch a little bit on just
what's developed, especially in the fourth quarter, maybe different than what you were expecting.
And then if you can add to that also, just is that true for the market? So at a 2% organic sales for this
quarter, are we above, below or in line with market growth?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Bryan, I'll start and then Jon, I'm sure, will add some perspective as well. I'll start back where we kind of
started the prepared remarks. I think we delivered a year where we exceeded on that, all of our ingoing
guidance metrics.
Now the year wasn't linear, as you highlight. And I distinguish two parts of the business. 85% of the
business is performing right in line with expectations and right in line with what we would have expected
throughout the year. We have strong growth in North America, 4% in the quarter -- 4% volume growth in
the quarter. Europe Focused Markets growing volumes at 3%, Europe Enterprise Markets growing volumes
at 6%. LA normalizing to about 8% organic sales growth.
So that part of the business where the trajectory is not impacted by significant external events, I think
is moving right along. We expected the normalization in price/mix contribution, as we have talked
throughout the quarters.
If you look at the headwinds that we started to communicate in December, they are really still with us in --
throughout the second half, and that's what's driving the volatility in the top line results. Those headwinds
have accelerated in part. And honestly, in quarter 4, some of them developed late in the quarter. So when
you think about China and SK-II were heavily impacted by 6/18, a weaker key consumption period in
China. And overall market sentiment in China has not improved throughout half 2. We had highlighted that
we expect the China recovery to be slow and to take time, and I think that's playing out in the results we
see in the second half.
The Middle East situation has not really improved. So we continue to see developing stronger impacts on
Western retailers in some of these markets. And while the team has implemented many interventions, the
execution in-store had been limited by some of these headwinds in the Middle East.
The last element, we saw a softening in quarter 4 on the Argentina volumes driven by the general
circumstances in the market, strong hyperinflation pricing in Argentina. So there was a softer contribution
on organic sales growth in quarter 4 than what we've seen in quarter 3.
If you step back though, the performance of the business and the way we set up for '25, I think, is very
strong. 85% of the business is developing right in line with what we would have expected. We're growing
share in North America. The balance of the markets are growing volume, which is really the shift we
needed to see. Our gross margin is at record levels. Our productivity is very strong. That has enabled us
to remain fully invested from a media perspective and from an innovation perspective. And so going into
the year, we feel all the structural elements of the business are strong.
Now what is important to understand, and we mentioned it in the prepared remarks, those headwinds that
we have experienced in half 2 will still be with us in half 1 of this fiscal year. So we expect this year not
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

to be linear, and we have to accelerate sales growth throughout the quarters as some of these headwinds
annualize and we return to growth. But overall, I think we're well set up to deliver against the guidance
metrics we just communicated.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I agree with everything that Andre just said. I will remind you, relative to the comment of performing
versus our own expectations. Precisely because of the volatility of the world that we all live and operate in,
we don't provide quarterly guidance. We only provide annual guidance, and as Andre said, we met or beat
each of those numbers that were provided.
There have been two kind of primary questions that have been -- that we've all been working through.
One is, can we reaccelerate volume? And as Andre said, that is broadly happening and impressively so.
So if we look at North America over the course of the fiscal year: Plus 3%, plus 3%, plus 4%, plus 3%.
If we look at Europe: Plus 2%, plus 3%, plus 4%, plus 2%. Andre gave you figures for some of the other
regions. But broadly, that question of can volume be reaccelerated is answered with an emphatic yes.
The second question that at least we've been working through is, can that happen in the context of
continued margin expansion? If you look at the fiscal year numbers, top line to bottom line, that's
definitely happened. If you look at gross margin in the quarter we just completed, which is -- which comes
in at a 17-year high, we're certainly able to continue to reaccelerate volume growth while holding or
building margins.
So like Andre, I approached next year in a realistic fashion and realizing that the first couple of quarters
are going to look a little bit more like the one that we just completed. But with overall, a belief that the
fundamentals of the business are in very strong shape. And that as we bring the innovation that's planned
to market throughout the fiscal year, we're going to be happy with the results in line with the guidance
that he's provided.
One other element of the strength and health of the business fundamentally. If you look at the last fiscal
year at a brand level, 21 out of 25 brands were growing. 11 of those 25 brands were growing at high
single digit or higher rates. So again, from a breadth standpoint, I think we're positioned very well, and
the team is doing a great job.
Operator
The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Actually, just wanted to follow up on those last two points you made, Jon. On the 3% to 5% organic sales
growth guidance for fiscal '25, can you just parse out a bit more detail in terms of how you're thinking
about the balance between pricing and volume? I know you won't want to be exact, but how you're
thinking about that. And the 3% to 4% category growth assumption, do you think there's good visibility
there given the slowing pricing?
And then if you'd bless me with a part b, I guess just how do you think about earnings flex relative to top
line given some of the top line volatility? Obviously, significant year-over-year gross margin expansion
in fiscal '24, but that's been dissipating. You boosted marketing a lot. You've got strong productivity, as
you mentioned. There's a lot going on sort of in the margin line items. So just how do you think about
earnings flex next year relative to top line growth given some of this volatility?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Thanks, Dara. I'm going to turn it over to Andre to take us through some of the details and then I'll round
out the answer. But go ahead, Andre.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thanks for the question, Dara. The volume versus price/mix contribution is expected to be broadly
balanced. We expect the markets to return to more sustainable growth rates of 3% to 4%. That is largely
happening now. And if you look at the construction of that market growth, about half of that is driven by
volume, the other half is driven by price/mix. I would expect our construct to look similar for the fiscal
year. Obviously, it will differ by quarter and half, front half versus back half, but broadly balanced between
volume and price/mix.
On the margin perspective, you saw us make a choice to continue to invest fully in the business. We
have delivered very strong productivity, more than $2 billion in productivity for the year. And we have
significantly increased our media support. And we see the results for those investments in the strong
growth we continue to deliver in North America, including share growth consistently across every period.
The strong results in Europe Focused Markets, including strong volume growth consistent across the
quarters. So we feel good about those investments.
We'll continue to be very disciplined. And as we -- as you can appreciate, not all of those investments will
have paid out. So as we do our post-event analysis, we'll reassess every step of the way, whether those
are better flowed into the P&L or reinvested somewhere else.
Productivity for fiscal '25 is also very strong, as I mentioned in my previous comments, so that will allow
us to maintain fully invested both in terms of market support as well as innovation, which is really the
underpinning driver for our growth next year.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And I would just add 2 or 3 comments. One, as Andre indicated, where you see the increase in marketing
investment, that is largely in the geographies where we're seeing the growth accompany that from a top
line standpoint. As he also said, we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of that spending, and we'll
adjust either up or down accordingly.
Also, I just want to make sure we all understand that the return on those investments is not an overnight
occurrence. We have a commercialization cycle that needs to run its course. We have consumer purchase
cycles that can be annual in some cases. While we -- our portfolio is constructed to focus on categories
where the product is used daily, that doesn't mean it's purchased daily.
And so we -- it sometimes takes a little bit of time to evaluate and see the market response to those
investments. But if you look at the last several years, it's generally always been there. And it's been one
of the reasons for the growth over the last, call it, 6 years. As I mentioned in my remarks: Plus 5%, plus
6%, plus 6%, plus 7%, plus 7%, plus 4% in a more challenging environment.
So like Andre, I feel good about the balance that's implied in the guidance and in our internal plans. But
it's something we wake up every day and continue to reevaluate and deliver in an optimal way.
Operator
The next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
I was hoping that we could talk about Fabric & Home and Baby & Family specifically because it seems like
those are the two segments that drove the most disconnect, at least versus external forecast. The release
cites promotional spending and at least a degree of share loss across those segments.
And so maybe you could just drill down further into the headline numbers, give us a bit more context on
what you're seeing both competitively and within your own momentum. And just how we should think
about both the drivers and the timing of the build back in those businesses. Noting you've obviously got
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

some challenging first half comparisons, especially in the current quarter. But just really understanding
where you expect those businesses to trend and land over the course of fiscal '25.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Steve. Look, Home Care, I think it's just performing outstandingly well, 9% organic sales growth on the
year, 13 quarters of sustained share growth and gaining momentum. So I think I focused my comments
on Fabric Care. And I would tell you two things.
Number one, we are annualizing record periods in Europe with differentiated pricing between competitors,
where we had a bit of a tailwind last year that is turning into a high base comp. But structurally, the
business is in great shape in Europe. Ariel continues to perform extremely well. The innovation across unit
dose and the broader portfolio, including FE, is doing very well. So I expect that business to reaccelerate
very quickly.
In North America, we are just launching the innovation bundle, the spring innovation bundle, which
is supported with the right level of investment, including promotion investment and merchandising
investment. And that's why you see the negative price/mix component in the North American business.
But the business is picking up momentum. We're growing share. So I expect also North America to
continue to move in the right direction on Fabric Care. And we're very encouraged with the innovation,
both the innovation that just launched and the innovation that is in the pipeline.
Last point maybe on Fabric Care. In China specifically, we also made a portfolio choice to focus on the
most profitable part of the business. And so there are some short-term implications in terms of base
period there. Again, for the longer-term benefit of the China Fabric Care business, I think that's the right
decision, but it's part of the softness that you see right now in the current quarter.
Baby Care, I'll talk two regions. One is North America, the Baby Care business on the premium end
continues to be doing very well. We have Swaddlers growing share of 1.4%. Cruisers 360 is growing. So
on the premium end of the spectrum where we've been able to innovate, over the past 1 to 2 years, we
continue to see the momentum accelerating across Pampers.
We have an opportunity, we had an opportunity, on Luvs, the mid-tier brand, where we postponed
innovation due to some supply chain challenges. That innovation is now in the market. So again, very
significant acceleration expected given the innovation just launched in the market over the next few
quarters.
In Europe, again, base period mostly in terms of share data, and that is something we need to work
through. And certainly, in Europe Baby, I think that's one of the areas where we're watching our
sufficiency of innovation very closely simply because the spread versus private label is the most
significant. So again, the team is working through strong communication and innovation that we'll be
launching here over the next few quarters.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I'm just going to go in a slightly different direction here, Steve. I fully agree with Andre's description.
There are also categories and sectors that are making really strong progress that, as we annualize the
few challenges within them, should manifest itself more clearly than it is now. So we'll have the benefit of
those as we go through the year.
What am I talking about? If you look at Beauty as an example, the aggregate results are being heavily
impacted by two things, SK-II and China, both of which should annualize by the second half of the year.
If you then step back and look at the balance of the business, Head & Shoulders in part behind the BARE
innovation, increased sales by 7% last year. Pantene, in part behind the Pantene Miracles innovation, grew
10% last year. The Personal Care side of the business is growing extremely as well.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

So I just want to kind of complete the picture in terms of some of the progress that isn't as obvious in the
aggregate look but will make a difference going forward.
Operator
The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
I was wondering if you could comment a bit, because one thing that's been absent in the discussion of
the consumer broadly. So I think it could be helpful to get some perspective on consumer environment.
It feels like in U.S. and Western Europe, from what we've heard from other companies, is that things in
the last month or 2 have kind of gotten demonstrably worse as a general statement. So curious your
perspective on that. And then also differences in channel performance and what you're doing around that
in terms of areas of particular focus or investment.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
So from a consumer standpoint, we generally don't see the dynamic that some are describing. And I'm not
meaning to discredit their descriptions, but if you look at a couple of dynamics, private label shares as an
example, which typically would be increasing during a time of significant consumer pressure, that's not
what we're seeing. Private label generally, both in North America and Europe, are in line with pre-COVID
levels. And period-to-period, so last quarter to this quarter, are not changing significantly.
The second data point that we look at to assess the answer to your question is back to volume? Is unit
growth declining? And that's, again, not what we're generally seeing. Now certainly, there are some
consumers that are, I'm sure, under increased pressure and are probably modifying their behaviors and
purchases correspondingly.
But in our categories -- and remember, of course, these are less-discretionary categories. These are daily
use categories where performance drives brand choice. We typically have the best-performing product in
the market, at least that's our objective. And as a result, we're not seeing any significant consumer-driven
impact.
I've been in Europe quite a bit recently. I will be back there tomorrow. Andre was there earlier in the
month of June with many of you at the Deutsche Bank conference, but also spent time with our business.
And I'm not seeing it there either. So we remain encouraged as we go forward. It's something that we're
very cognizant of and watch very closely. But so far, so good.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
And the market growth rates, I think, substantiated the point that Jon made. If you look at the U.S., I
think the key point is over the past 1, 3, 6, 12 months, the category volume growth in our categories is
consistently 2%. So consumers are not decelerating consumption across our categories. And similarly, if
you look at value growth in Europe, it's also very consistent over the same period. So as Jon said, we're
watching it, but we don't see it in the data.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And even if we look at the responsiveness to many of our strong innovations. I mentioned in my remarks,
Oral-B iO that's growing, which is at a significant premium to the balance of the market, both within the
power segment and across power and manual. And it's growing at double digits, we built 2 share points
in the last year. So just an example of responsiveness to strong innovation in these categories where
performance drives brand choice.
Operator

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
A couple of follow-ups. Could you just talk a little bit about the Enterprise Markets, what they would have
looked like ex Argentina?
And then as you look at your guidance, how much of an actual rebound in China are you assuming? How
much, if any, rebound in the Middle East issues are you assuming? And is that part of the range? Or is
there no rebound at all in the range? If that's clear.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Look, Robert, Enterprise Markets, I think in aggregate are performing strongly. For the year, up 6%. Last
year, they were up I think 10%. So I think very strong continued growth. Latin America, as we said, is
growing on the year 15%. And in the most recent quarter, 8%. Europe Focus Markets up 8% for the year.
Where we see headwinds is in the Middle East in line with what we have described. So you see our Asia,
Middle East, Africa markets impacted by those Middle East headwinds. And again, we expect those to be
temporary.
The Argentina contribution to the total number is decreasing by almost 1 point quarter-over-quarter. So it
was only 30 basis points in the current quarter. Most importantly, we divested the Argentina business. So
that effect will not matter anymore in the current year because it will be removed from the organic sales
base as we move through the quarter here.
In terms of assumptions, I think that's part of the range, right? I would say we largely assume
annualization. The upper end of the range would assume some level of improvement. But I think the main
contribution to the midpoint of the range would be a normalization and annualization of those headwinds
we're describing, including China, SK-II, the Middle East, and again Argentina coming out of the base
because of the divestiture of the business.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And Robert, my view of those things, as it's reflected in guidance, generally or indirectly, is just as Andre
described, which is annualization. I think if things improve either in the Middle East or China, we should
have the opportunity to deliver, ceteris paribus, even better results than the midpoint of the guidance
range. On the other hand, we're not assuming -- I'm not assuming that they get worse, and that can
always happen. So I think we're centered on a realistic expectation of outcomes.
Operator
The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
I was hoping if you can talk about a bit of the price elasticity that you were seeing in the category. I do
understand what, Jon, you just described as being a very low penetration of private label and customers
are still driving the preference for your brands.
but just curious about, in laundry specifically, you had some promo, and some of the things that you
discussed are not necessarily driven by price elasticity. But just wondering how you're seeing, as we see
more pricing coming through, and if you're planning embedded in any of these guidance, I understand
it's a balanced approach to the organic sales growth at the midpoint of 4%. But wondering if there is any
ways of like mitigating some of the effects in some of these other places, which is natural. And therefore
we can see some pricing, both through inflation-led and some pricing also led by innovation.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Andrea, yes, I mean, pricing and mix have been a positive contribution to our results for 19 years. I don't
expect this year to be different. And I think it will be pricing for foreign exchange headwinds in some of
the Enterprise Markets which is in line with what the market generally executes. I also expect innovation-
based pricing and trade-up as we have a strong innovation pipeline in the year.
From a promotion environment, we see stability at the moment. We have pockets of incremental
promotion. We're still operating at about 85% versus pre-COVID levels and we see general stability.
So as I said in the guidance, the construction on the top line, roughly, we see the market half price/mix-
driven, half volume-driven. I don't expect our fiscal year numbers to be different than that, but they will
look different, obviously, half 1 versus half 2 because of base period. But the general model is still the
same as we executed over the last 19 years.
Operator
The next question comes from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
I wanted to ask about the commodity outlook. Andre, you mentioned $300 million in headwind expected
in fiscal '25. Can you maybe talk about the components of the headwinds, some of the key commodities,
including pulp, resins? And also on the transportation side, given the recent rise in freight, any potential
impact there? And then in terms of -- I know some of the commodities, you cannot hedge, but like just
the level of visibility given your contracted rates on the headwind.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, Filippo. The commodity portfolio is actually, at the moment, relatively stable. Most of that headwind
that is in the guidance is pulp at the moment. We continue to see strong demand on some of the grades
and limited supply, so that's driving the run-up. The rest of the portfolio is actually stable. It won't be that
throughout the year, as you know. I mean, these things change quickly. So there's a level of variability
here, obviously, and we're forecasting a spot rate as we always do.
The commodity effects, as we think through visibility, look, I mean the flow-through is different by
commodity class, but I think we discussed this when we were in the middle of the commodity crisis. It
generally takes 3 months to 9 months to flow through the P&L. So I think at the end of quarter 1, we
probably have relatively good visibility on most of it through half 1, and then we'll go step by step. But
again, this is one that we forecast on spot. We don't hedge. So the flow through, again, is the key driver
of latency in terms of P&L effect.
Transportation. Look, generally, energy, oil is relatively stable, so overall transportation is flat. Yes, we see
some impact from increased transportation on the sea routes, but it is not material in the context of the
year at this point.
Operator
The next question is from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
I wanted to go back to Lauren's question on the consumer. And totally recognize that you may not be
seeing some of the indicators that the consumer is under pressure today. But when we think about the 3%
to 4% category growth assumptions you're embedding for your outlook, is there any cushion for the 85%
of the markets that are currently performing well to potentially slow at all? Totally get the annualization

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

commentary in the Middle East and China, but I just would love to get some perspective on what you
expect maybe in North America and Western Europe from here.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Peter, yes, the 3% to 4% of the global number. Look, deconstructing that by market or by region is
increasingly difficult and we somewhat rely on the total aggregate of regions to play out in the 3% to 4%
range.
To your question on the 85% of the business slowing, what we see is actually what we had expected,
right, that those regions slow down from a market growth in the range of 5% to 8% to this 3% to 4%
range because the price/mix component is coming down and the volume component is coming up. And
that stabilization is built into our assumption for the year. So we expect most of those regions to play out
the same way that we're projecting the global number, which is 3% to 4%, half of it volume, half of it
price/mix.
Operator
The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
I had a question on your Beauty segment. China has been a drag to your volumes for a while, as you
mentioned, and we've been hearing about the ongoing challenges in the region. But more recently, we're
also hearing about the slowdown in the U.S. Beauty market. So curious if that's consistent with what
you're seeing.
And then how should we think about the growth potential for your Beauty segment this fiscal year? And is
it fair to assume that these challenges could drive a further slowdown from here?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
If you look at the Beauty results outside of China and SK-II, I think they give a better indication of the
growth potential and trajectory we're on. The business ex SK-II is growing 6% in quarter 4, 7% in the
fiscal year that we just closed.
When you go through the segments and the core brands, if you look at Head & Shoulders, Pantene Herbal
Essence, for example, grew high single digits to double digits. Those were the best results in the past 5
years. When you look at our Personal Care business, Old Spice, Secret and Native, double-digit growth.
We talked about -- Jon talked about Native now being -- and reaching $700 million in sales, 10x what we
got the brand with. And our new brands, Mielle and Ouai, we are also growing double digits. So I think we
see strength across the portfolio there.
North America Hair Care is up 12%. Global Hair Care is up 9%. And the Personal Care business, as I
said, is doing very well. I think the core of the piece we are annualizing is really China, both on the Olay
business and on the SK-II business. And as we said, our expectation is that we'll annualize. We don't yet
assume a material acceleration in the fiscal year.
So I'll leave it there. But again, I think the core of the business is strong. China is the one piece we'll need
to see annualize across the first half.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And obviously, we play in -- the majority of the spaces that we play in, in Beauty are more foundational
versus prestige. And I think where some of the commentary in the marketplace is being directed relative
to slowdown is really not in the base segments that we play in, and as Andre said, have continued to see
very strong growth in. That's why I wanted to add to the question earlier because I think it's somewhat
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

lost in the aggregate numbers, but I think it's important both for recognition of the team, but also a
recognition of the potential.
Operator
The next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
I know we're later in the call, so apologies for another China question, but maybe a bit more focused. Just
it has been sluggish for a few years, which I think is why there's been so many questions about the effect
of annualizing. You're not the only company to see slower results in China. So I wonder if you could just
maybe comment on, clearly, there are macro dynamics in the market versus micro parts of your portfolio
which specifically needs some work. SK-II has been well covered by this point.
So perhaps you can speak to some other businesses that are performing in line with your expectations
or not so that we can have a bit more of a portfolio view on why the annualization should deliver the
outcomes you're expecting into the back half of the year. So sorry for another question on China, but it felt
important.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Chris, I'll start and Jon will add. Let me start by saying I think the China business, coming from a double-
digit growth trajectory through a significant dip. And we don't expect it to go back to double digits, we
expect it over time to go to maybe mid-singles. So more in line with what we see in other developed
markets. So for sure, we don't expect the return to the growth rates that we saw pre-COVID.
Many of the effects, specifically in China, SK-II, I think the run rate is now stable. So we're already seeing
the run rate in terms of absolute volume and absolute dollar sales flattening. What's not yet there is the
base period in line with those run rates. So unless we see a significant run rate reduction, that gives us
confidence that the annualization would take place.
Maybe other points of confidence here. The toughest category to compete in, in China right now is
probably Baby Care. Birth rates are down 15% to 25%, depending on how you define the market.
And we've been able -- the team has been able to grow sales 6% and grow share in the market. Why?
Because the portfolio and the innovation the team designed was very specific to the Chinese consumer,
their needs, their preference in terms of superiority, and that's driving results. We've been able to grow
the Braun business with strong innovation.
So there are pockets of business where we are leading the market, and we need to find our way to that
across more categories, which we're working on.
Fabric Care, as I said, is very focused on the profitable part of the portfolio, which allows them to drive
innovation, which allows them to drive category growth. And that's really what's playing out across
categories.
But I think the most mechanical driver is run rates are stable and stabilizing. Therefore, unless we see
a further decline in the market, which is entirely possible, but if those run rates hold, that will drive
annualization towards the back half of the year.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And just to round out. The largest business for P&G in China is Hair Care. And we've spent the last year-
plus, as we came out of COVID, ensuring that we had very strong Hair Care plans. I'm very pleased with
the plans that we've put together and the execution of them on Pantene, the same on Head & Shoulders.
Really significantly improved proposition, significantly improved packaging, really looking strong.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Andre mentioned somewhere in our discussion that we had made the choice to exit the third brand, which
was Vidal Sassoon. So that should not be a source of drag going forward. We're still working, to be candid,
on the plans for Rejoice. But the net of all of that, it's pretty encouraging.
Operator
The next question comes from Kevin Grundy of BNP Paribas.
Kevin Michael Grundy
BNP Paribas Exane, Research Division
Great. A question for both of you, perhaps, just on some context for investment levels, specifically trade
spending and advertising [ and marketing ], which are clearly moving higher. Gross margin and expansion
there has naturally been supportive.
I know it's not lost on you guys, we've seen what your key competitor in Oral Care is doing. Advertising
and marketing there was the highest as a percent of sales in at least a couple of decades. We've seen
trade spending move higher there. In their North American segment, advertising and marketing now for
Procter has moved up 200 basis points this year, including a big step-up of 300 basis points in the quarter.
And we talked earlier in the call about [ how you're seeing ] Fabric Care.
So it's all kind of [ a big wind-up ]. If you could offer some context here for higher investment levels
broadly we're seeing in the industry. And then perhaps a push from a Procter perspective is are we
satisfied with the top line payback that we're seeing? Because spending levels are moving higher and the
push would be toward sales, understanding some of the idiosyncratic items in the quarter was a little bit
soft, and we're kind of guiding for growth similar to what we've seen historically. So thank you for all that,
but your context and color would be appreciated.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Let me start, Kevin. Generally, what I'd tell you is the -- we're happy with the payout that we're
seeing in the markets where we can read the payout cleanly. And that's really where 95% of the
investment is, meaning Europe Focused markets, some of the Europe Enterprise Markets, Latin America
and North America. And I think the top line results support the overall payout of the aggregate of the
media spend will obviously go way lower in terms of penetration.
And it is probably the strongest push that both Jon and I and Shailesh have as we engage with the
businesses to ensure that, that spending truly is productive, truly is driving market growth and sales
growth, and therefore helps us to deliver top line and bottom line for the quarter and for the fiscal year. If
that's no longer the case, then we will change gears and adjust.
In terms of overall spend, I'm actually pleased to see increase in media spend and market support
that's market constructive. I think it helps the consumer understand the category better. It helps drive
penetration, which is still a huge opportunity across multiple categories. So that's very positive. And again,
the promotion environment in aggregate remains productive. And as long as those two results in what we
see in North America, which is sustained volume growth on the category and sustained value growth on
the category, I think we're in a good place.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And it's something I've been pushing, we've been pushing for some period of time. When you have a
strategy that's centered on innovation and superiority, and you have in some cases relatively low levels of
advertising reach, that total equation doesn't make sense. We used to call it -- David Taylor used to call it
confidential superiority.
So we do -- we're trying to in an effective way and in the most efficient way we can, and I mentioned
this earlier, increase reach so that more consumers are aware of our products and the benefits that they
provide them.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Obviously, that effort at some point reaches the right level of maturity. But we're on -- still on the incline
curve in that regard right now, which I think is entirely the right thing to do. And as I mentioned earlier, it
takes some time, temporally, for the business to respond. It does not respond overnight, again, because of
purchase cycles and commercialization cycles themselves.
But as Andre said, take some assurance that you've got a former CFO in the CEO's chair, between the two
of us, we're not interested in wasting your money.
Operator
The next question comes from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Just a follow-on on promotion. If you could just talk about how much competitor's catching up on
innovation, driving you to spend more to stay superior, versus a response to the tougher macros and even
can make yourself more competitive on price.
And then more importantly, you've obviously done substantial innovation at the premium end. What are
you doing as we think about this evolving macro in your mid-tier products to remind consumers of the
value proposition there?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
I think our job is to lead market growth via irresistible superiority. And that starts with product package
and communication, but it includes value, as you point out. I don't see that equation shifting. The
competitive environment in terms of promotion is relatively stable. Our approach to promotion is relatively
stable across the regions where we have the highest visibility, which is Europe and North America. So I
don't view that equation as being different.
And again, I think our stance on superiority, which we talked about now for almost a year, to reset the
level of superiority we expect our businesses to deliver, which moves from -- your job is no longer to
just win against the next-best competitor in the market, but it's to create superiority at a level where
consumers are drawn into the category.
So we create new consumption, we create new consumers coming into the category, increasing their
usage or trading up. That's really what we are measuring ourselves against, and I think we're making very
good progress. And I'm very confident that the innovation pipeline we see for the current year. I'm sure
Jon has to add more.
On the mid-tier, absolutely. Our job is to be irresistibly superior at every tier we compete in. And that's
why the Luvs innovation is a great example, where -- and it's a great example for the strategy at work
because if we're not superior in the mid-tier, the consumer tells us and it shows in the results. So the
counteraction to innovate and drive superiority is what we do and it's really independent of the tier. So at
any given point in time, we need to make sure that we deliver with all 5 vectors, every tier, every pack
size, every price point, in every channel we compete in.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And if we just assume for a minute, Olivia, that we're wrong in the ongoing discussion that we've had
about consumers being under pressure, and our contention is that, that really hasn't manifested itself as
of yet.
But just assume that we're wrong or that, that changes going forward. And to your question on
innovation, it becomes very important that we're innovating in categories that are going to become -- that
are going to see even higher levels of demand if in fact there's any kind of consumer downturn. Andre
mentioned Luvs.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Another example, I mean, what happens if there's a consumer downturn? People eat at home more often.
They're going out less frequently, traveling less frequently. And so categories like hand dishwashing,
for example, become important. And our levels of innovation in that category, just as an example, are
significant between power spray on Dawn and EZ-Squeeze. And Andre mentioned the growth rates that
we're seeing in our dish business.
Typically, and this was certainly the case in COVID, which was an extreme condition, but people use
more paper products if they're staying home more often. So things like the Charmin easy tear scallop
perforation, which is driving significant level of delight and 5% growth on the Charmin business last year,
is another example of innovating, continuing to innovate in categories that are going to potentially be even
more relevant in the event of a consumer downturn.
And obviously, just in general, that handwash business is more of, if you will, mid-tier business than the
auto dish business. So there's no discrimination in terms of our commitment to innovation.
Operator
The next question comes from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
I wanted to ask about SK-II more broadly and just how do you see this part of today's portfolio for P&G. I
guess the slower improvement in China than anticipated. But just curious, if you take a look over the last,
call it, 4 or 5 years, it does seem like the brand has grown in totality a little bit below what I'd peg is the
peer group. So I guess I'm curious why do you think that is? How you weave in improving trends in China
with the overall expectations for the brand on a go-forward basis?
And I say all that, too, in the context of weakness predating the wastewater release in Japan. And so what
is there? Is there more competition? Are you doing more from an innovation standpoint to broaden the
appeal for the brand? Can you move it beyond prestige skin care? I mean, better strokes, again, in the
context of how does it fit within the portfolio.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Mark, I think your question specifically on China. I would say I don't think our brand portfolio is
something that I would be unhappy with. I think the brand portfolio is strong. When we get it right and
when the consumer is willing to engage, I think we show strong progress on Baby Care even in adverse
market conditions. Jon mentioned the progress we see on Hair Care on Head & Shoulders and on Pantene.
I think the parts of the portfolio where we had our doubts, we made the right choices. So we divested
Vidal Sassoon, and believe that was the right change in Hair Care. We have trimmed the Fabric Care
portfolio to ensure that we can focus on the part of the market where we can create value for the
consumer and for the company. So I feel good about the product portfolio.
The challenge I think in China, if I may, part of that is the channel shift, because our footprint
was disproportionately developed over 30 years to be a brick-and-mortar footprint. And the digital
acceleration, obviously, with COVID has shifted that into online, to a large degree, faster than anywhere
else in the world. And within that online business, particularly to Douyin, heavily KOL-led and heavily
promotion-led.
And we're taking our time to transition our portfolio to ensure we end up with the right balance between
serving consumers in brick-and-mortar and creating value there, and supporting our brands with the
right messaging, equity, price stability and innovation in the online channels. So that, for me, that is the
transition we're still in. But I think that transition is going well, and it will show that, that portfolio that we
operate, I think, can sustain mid-single growth and value creation in China.
Operator

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 20



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of Jefferies.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
I know as we get deep into the call, it gets quite granular. But if we could bring it back a little bit on
something I think might have been missed as we chat global versus specific, which is maybe just thinking
about North America specifically in the first half specifically. What is the direction of travel that you're
assuming for the consumer? And when we think about annualization of pricing and such, should we be
modeling a drag for North America in the first half that then reverses? Or is it meant to be closer to that
balance for the full year of 50-50?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Kaumil, it's very hard to predict, obviously, by quarter or half 1 versus half 2. I think your ingoing hunch
is what I would share, as I think the price/mix neutralization will continue through half 1 and the volume
component, I think, is relatively stable. As I said, the market is continuing to grow at 2%, price/mix has
come down to about 1.5 points, and I think that's what I would expect from a market growth perspective
for the front half. Our objective is, as always, to be within that range. So that's the -- that's my view.
But again, that volatility can be driven from the innovation cycles, it can be driven by just promotion
cycles, by channel shifts. So there's a lot of variability within that. But clearly extrapolating from what we
see in the market today, I think your hunch is right.
Operator
Our last question comes from Robert Moskow of TD Cowen.
Robert Bain Moskow
TD Cowen, Research Division
I guess the only thing not covered on this call is the Olympics. I think I've seen about 100 ads for Procter
& Gamble products, some of them great. And -- but I haven't noticed an increase in merchandising activity
in our Nielsen tracking data in the U.S. around it. And I was just wondering, do you view the Olympic
sponsorship more as a brand-building exercise for consumers? Or have you been getting and do you
expect a lot of merchandising activity around it in the U.S. that we'll be able to see in our tracking?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
So we definitely view support of the Olympics as a brand-building opportunity, as a consumer outreach
opportunity and frankly as a customer outreach opportunity.
Where you'll see the activation in store is typically closer to the region of the event. So I wouldn't expect
it to have a large activation in North America. I'm headed to Paris overnight tonight, I do expect to see
significant activation in Europe. I'll be meeting with many of our retail partner CEOs at the games. We host
them there and spend up to a couple of days together building plans going forward, which would include
both during-event and post-event activation of the assets that we've put in place for the Olympics.
Just like our earlier discussion on return, this is something that we look at annually. But thus far, it's
proving to be an attractive vehicle when we focus the messaging on brands and not so much when we
focus the messaging on company, simply because nobody buys P&G, they buy Tide and Ariel and Pampers
and Pantene and Head & Shoulders, et cetera. So all good. And I'm looking forward to being there with our
customers and our European team over the balance of the week.
Before we let -- not let. Before we officially end the call, I just wanted to provide, again, some longer-term
perspective. And I'm free -- I'm happy to discuss it at any point during the balance of the day.
We have been through -- the collective we, including you, have been through incredible challenges
the last number of years, whether that's COVID, whether that's inflation, whether that's war, political
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 21



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

divisiveness, regulation, you name it. And one of the things that I think is important to reflect on the
quarter is important, and we've reflected a lot on that today, which is appropriate.
But it's also important to step back and say, how is this strategy working? Not just for the quarter, but for
longer periods of time? As I mentioned in my remarks, pre-COVID, during COVID, post COVID, inflation
and pricing, and then the big geopolitical struggles that we're all engaged in currently.
Over that 6-year period, the team has added $17 billion in sales, which puts us at the 88th percentile of
the S&P 500. And at the same time, they've added $5 billion in profit, which puts us at the 93rd percentile
of the S&P 500. They've built more than 200 -- I haven't looked today, but before today, $200 billion in
market cap in that 6-year period, which is more value than most of our competitors, I think all but one,
have created over their entire history as a company. So this is something that is working extraordinarily
well, and I think that's important to reflect on as we move forward.
We're in a stronger place in terms of executing against that strategy than we've ever been. We've talked
about investment and innovation. We've talked about raising the bar on superiority. We've talked about
the progress that we're making on productivity. We've talked about the support levels that our business
has. We've talked about resuming volume growth in most of the major markets, and doing that while
building margin and simultaneously increasing our investment, and these kinds of things.
And I don't see any reason in a -- if we do find ourselves in a more difficult environment from a consumer
economic standpoint, one of the things we talk about internally is would we change our approach if we
either had confidence that things were going to get remarkably better from a consumer standpoint or
remarkably worse from a consumer standpoint? Would we not want to be in daily use categories where
performance drives brand choice? I think that's exactly where we want to be in either of those scenarios.
Would we not want to be able to delight consumers and customers with superior products? I can't imagine
how that would be a good idea. Would we not want to have the productivity that enables us to fund
those investments and accelerate innovation? Would we not want to have a more agile, accountable
organizational structure?
So all these things, to me, under any scenario, both because of the results that they've delivered and
because of the potential they hold to delight consumers, customers, employees, society and shareowners,
are the right path forward, which is why we talk about continuing to double down.
I've said many times, this will not be a straight line. There are all sorts of things that affect the trend line
in the business. But over periods of time, this is by far -- if we just look at our history as a company, it has
produced significantly positive results, and I expect that to continue. So I just wanted to share that as we
close out the call.
Again, that is not trying to minimize some of the challenges that we've been discussing on the quarter
and in the first half of next year. Those are real. They're important to talk about. But I don't think they're
controlling as we think about the mid and longer term.
Have a great day, and look forward to catching up with you soon.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, everyone.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a
great day.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 22



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2024 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 30, 2024

Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 23