The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Friday, July 28, 2023 2:00 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 8

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o3b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the
Board

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Peter K. Grom
Division UBS Investment Bank, Research

Division
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division Robert Edward Ottenstein

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Callum Elliott Research Division
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division Stephen Robert R. Powers

Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Christopher Michael Carey Division
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division Sunil Harshad Modi

RBC Capital Markets, Research
Dara Warren Mohsenian Division
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

William Bates Chappell
Filippo Falorni Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Citigroup Inc., Research Division Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning, and welcome to Procter & Gamble's quarter-end conference call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results for materially from these projections.
As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs to make you aware that during the discussion, the
company will make a number of references to non-GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble
believes these measures provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business trends and has
posted on its Investor Relations website, www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
[Audio Gap] today are Jon Moeller, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John
Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll start with an overview of results for fiscal year '23
and the fourth quarter. John will add perspective on our strategic focus areas and capabilities, and we'll
close with guidance for fiscal '24 and then take your questions.
Fiscal '23 was another very strong year. Execution of our integrated strategy continues to yield broad-
based strong sales growth across categories and regions. Strong earnings in the face of significant cost
headwinds and continued strong return of cash to P&G shareowners. Organic sales for the fiscal year grew
7%, our second consecutive year of 7% organic sales growth and fifth consecutive year of 5% or better
organic growth.
Starting fiscal 2019, 5%, 6%, 6%, 7% and 7%. Growth was broad-based across business units with all
10 of our product categories growing organic sales. Personal Health Care grew mid-teens, Feminine Care
grew double digits. Fabric Care, Home Care and Hair Care, up high single digits, Skin and Personal Care,
Baby Care, Family Care and Grooming, each grew mid-singles.
Oral Care grew low single digits. Focus markets were up 5% for the year, and we delivered strong results
in our largest and most profitable market, the United States, with organic sales growing 6% on top of
a strong 8% growth comp in the base period. Greater China organic sales were down low single digits
versus the prior year, with trends improving in the back half as the market continues to slowly recover.
Enterprise markets were up 15%, led by Latin America with 24% organic sales growth. E-commerce sales
increased 7%, now representing 17% of total company. Our strategy focused on driving market growth
is, in turn, driving share growth for P&G. All channel market value sales in the U.S. categories in which we
compete grew approximately 7% in fiscal '23.
P&G consumption grew ahead of fair share of category growth driving modest value share growth and
volume share up 50 basis points for the year. We held global aggregate market share, 29 of our top 50
category country combinations held or grew share for the year. Importantly, the share growth is broad-
based. 7 of 10 product categories grew share globally over the past year.
Core earnings per share were $5.90, up 2% for the year despite a 24 percentage point earnings growth
headwind or $1.38 per share from higher material costs and foreign exchange. On a currency-neutral
basis, core EPS were up 11%. Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 95%. We increased our dividend
by 3% and returned over $16 billion of value to shareowners, $9 billion in dividends and $7.4 billion in
share repurchase.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Moving to the April to June quarter. Organic sales grew 8%. We've now delivered 7 consecutive quarters
with 5% or better organic sales growth. Pricing contributed 7 points to organic sales growth, mix was up 2
points, volume declined 1 point, improving sequentially versus the March quarter as expected. The strong
company results are grounded in broad-based category and geographic strength.
Each of our 10 product categories grew organic sales in the quarter. Skin and Personal Care, Personal
Health Care, Home Care, Feminine Care and Family Care, 5 of our 10 categories each grew double digits.
Baby Care, Hair Care and Grooming grew high singles. Fabric Care grew mid-singles and Oral Care was
up low single digits. Each of our 7 regions grew organic sales with focused markets up 7% and enterprise
market up 13% for the quarter.
Organic sales in the U.S. grew 6%. Importantly, this includes 3 points of volume growth a return to
positive volume in our largest market for the first time in 5 quarters. Greater China organic sales grew
4%. We continue to see sequential market recovery, but as expected, at a slow pace. European focus
market organic sales were up 12% and despite volume pressure from wider pricing gaps. In enterprise
markets, Latin America led the growth with organic sales up 22%.
Global aggregate market share increased 10 basis points, 29 of our top 50 category country combinations
held or grew share for the quarter. On the bottom line, core earnings per share were $1.37, up 13%
versus the prior year. On a currency-neutral basis, core EPS increased 22%. Core operating margin
increased 190 basis points as benefits from strong sales growth and productivity improvements more than
offset higher material costs, foreign exchange headwinds, wage and benefits inflation and reinvestment in
higher media reach and frequency.
Currency neutral operating margin increased 310 basis points. Adjusted free cash flow productivity was
136%. We returned approximately $2.3 billion of cash to shareowners in the quarter.
In summary, we met or exceeded each of our going-in target ranges for the year organic sales growth,
core EPS growth, free cash flow productivity and cash return to shareowners. Strong performance again
this year in a very difficult operating environment.
Now I'll pass it over to John.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Thanks, Andre. I want to talk briefly about this company, its strategy and our organization, both as a step-
back reflection of what's been accomplished and as a glimpse forward into what's possible. Three quick
reflections looking back. First, pre-COVID, during COVID and since COVID, pre-inflation and since inflation,
consistent strong top line growth across categories and geographies. Core earnings per share growth each
of the last 5 fiscal years, a consistent cash return to shareowners.
Our strategy has sustained us through all of this. Second, look back in the past 2 years, nearly half of our
earnings wiped out by commodities, transportation and foreign exchange headwinds. Yes, we still grew
earnings per share in each of those years. while delivering 7% organic sales growth each year, increasing
investment in innovation, brand building and growing markets and growing market share in aggregate in
the process.
As I said last quarter, if you told me 4 years ago, that we would grow top line, bottom line and deliver
strong cash return to shareowners through a global pandemic with employees challenged to get to the
workplace in the context of a war in Europe, major disruption in global supply chains, rapidly escalating
costs, the highest consumer inflation in 40 years and fundamental shifts in consumer behavior and
channel relevance, it would have been hard to agree.
But that's exactly what this team has done. Over the last 5 years, they've added over $15 billion in
incremental sales, growing our share of the global market, growing core earnings per share by 40%, and
returned over $80 billion of cash to shareowners.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Two more granular examples testing both strategy and execution in some of the harshest conditions. Latin
America, significant devaluation across all major currencies. Inflation in Brazil peaking above 12%, 9%
in Mexico, over 70% in Argentina. Despite this, our team has delivered 3 consecutive years of U.S. dollar
sales growth, mid-teens in fiscal '22 mid-20s this year. Market share growth on both of value -- volume
and value basis, nearly 30% profit growth this year in dollars, over 50% on a local currency basis.
One more test, Turkey. Over the past 2 years, lira has devalued more than 300%. We've had to take
multiple ways of significant pricing. Still, the strength of our strategy and its execution by the organization
has enabled us to grow dollar sales, grow volume, sequentially improve market share and maintain dollar
profitability in the market. As you well know, past performance is no guarantee of future results and
certainly no excuse to stand still quite the opposite.
There will be bumps in the road ahead. We're still navigating through plenty of challenges right now.
Each of these look backs, though gives us confidence in the effectiveness of the strategy grounded in and
focused on consumers.
And an appreciation for the capability of our talented, creative, agile and committed organization.
Our integrated strategy, a focused portfolio of products and daily use categories where performance
drives brand choice. Superiority through innovation across the 5 vectors of product package, brand
communication, retail execution and value holistically defined. Leveraging that superiority to grow
markets and our share in them, to jointly create value with our retail partners. Productivity to offset cost
challenges while funding investments in innovation and brand building and market growth.
We're reaccelerated productivity back to pre-COVID levels, with an objective for gross savings and cost
of goods sold of up to $1.5 billion before tax. We have line of sight to savings from improved marketing
productivity. More efficiency and greater effectiveness, avoiding excess frequency and reducing waste.
Constructive disruption of ourselves, and our industry to adapt and create new trends, technologies and
capabilities that often extend our competitive advantage. In an organizational structure that's increasingly
more empowered, agile and accountable. An increasingly diverse organization, now with 50% female
representation in manager roles across the world.
We're strengthening the execution of our strategy in 4 focus areas. First, with Supply Chain 3.0. We're
driving improved capacity, greater agility, flexibility, scalability, transparency and resilience along with
greater productivity. We recently launched a platform of supply chain services to enable best-in-class
service and streamline the end-to-end supply chain. These initiatives have been very well received by
retailers.
Our next step to drive joint value creation with retailers is to simplify our SKU portfolio, to improve the
shopping experience, increase on-shelf availability and further streamline supply for the entire ecosystem.
Higher quality, more transparency, increased supply assurance and higher on-shelf availability of our
product, each improved superiority with consumers, and improves what is already the top-ranked supply
chain by our retail partners and third-party industry surveys.
All of this is a huge value creation opportunity for P&G and our retail partners. Next, focus area,
environmental sustainability to create superior propositions for consumers, customers and shareholders
while improving our environmental impact, reducing the footprint of our operations, enabling consumers
to reduce their footprint and innovating to deliver cross industry solutions for some of our most pressing
challenges.
Our third digital acumen, leveraging data and digitization to delight consumers, streamline the supply
chain, increase quality, drive productivity, all driving shareholder value, and fourth, a superior employee
value equation for all genders identities, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, ages and abilities for all
roles to ensure we continue to attract, retain and develop the best talent. At the end of the day, P&G
serves people, with a strong desire to improve their lives and the lives of their families.
We stand by people and support them in small but meaningful ways every day with superior performing
products at a superior value. We strive to do this in the most responsible way consistent with P&G's values

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

and principles. This approach with consumers at the center and an organization built to serve them has
served us and our many stakeholders well. It will guide our actions as we move forward.
If we do this effectively, consumers will benefit, customers will grow their businesses, employees will
develop and thrive, society will benefit and shareholders will continue to be awarded for their investment,
not measured by a quarter or even a year, but over time.
I believe in this company, in our organization, its capabilities and in the commitment of P&G people to
serve consumers. I'm excited about what lays ahead. Of course, I have my worries and concerns and we'll
continue to face challenges and some dark days and nights, but the future in general holds great promise.
We'll continue to be guided by our purpose, values and principles and relentless execution of our strategy
to move forward to an ever-brighter dawn. P&G celebrates its 186th anniversary this year. I believe we
have an even stronger hand to play today than we've had historically.
With that, I'll hand it back to Andre to outline our guidance for the new year.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Jon. As we've said in each guidance outlook for the past 3 years, and as Jon indicated, we
will undoubtedly experience more volatility in the fiscal year ahead. And while supply chains and input
costs have become more stable as we enter fiscal '24, the challenges we face are multifaceted, economic,
geopolitical and societal putting pressure on consumer confidence and household budgets.
We'll navigate these challenges with our dynamic integrated strategy, guided by consumers with every
step. Based on current spot prices, we estimate commodities will be a tailwind of around $800 million after
tax in fiscal '24. Foreign exchange rates continued to be a headwind. And based on current rates, we now
expect the $400 million after-tax impact.
We still face above normal levels of wage and benefit cost inflation in our cost structure and higher costs
for third-party services. In addition, we expect the below-the-line impact from higher net interest expense
to be roughly $200 million after-tax earnings headwind. With this context, I'll move to the key guidance
metrics. We expect global market value growth in our categories to moderate back towards a range of
around 4%, with the drivers of market growth normalizing as we move through the year, pricing becoming
less of a driver and volume returning to modest growth.
With the strength of our brands and commitment to keep investing in the business, we continue to expect
to grow above underlying market levels, building aggregate market share globally. This leads to guidance
for organic sales growth in the range of 4% to 5% for fiscal '24. On the bottom line, we expect EPS growth
in the range of 6% to 9% versus fiscal year '23 EPS of $5.90. This guidance equates to a range of $6.25
to $6.43 per share, $6.34 or up 7.5% at the center of the range.
With a 3-point headwind from foreign exchange, this outlook translates to 9% to 12% EPS growth on a
constant currency basis. We expect adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% for the year. This includes
an increase in capital spending as we add capacity in several categories. We expect to pay more than $9
billion in dividends and to repurchase $5 billion to $6 billion in common stock combined a plan to return
$14 billion to $15 billion of cash to shareowners this fiscal year.
So top line, bottom line and cash guidance for fiscal '24, all consistent with our long-term algorithm. This
outlook is based on current market growth estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates.
Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruptions, major supply
chain disruptions or store closures are not anticipated within the guidance ranges.
These guidance ranges also do not assume a further reduction in commodity and material costs versus
current levels. If this should occur, it would generate great flexibility to invest more in value accretive
innovation and marketing opportunities.
With that, I'll hand it back to Jon for his closing thoughts.
Jon R. Moeller
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
We're very pleased with the strong results P&G people have delivered in a very challenging operating cost
and competitive environment over the last 5 years. Excellent execution of an integrated set of market
constructive strategies delivered with a focus on balanced top and bottom line growth and value creation.
We continue to believe that the best path forward to deliver sustainable balance growth is to double down
on the strategy starting with a commitment to deliver irresistibly superior propositions to consumers and
retail partners. With that, Andre, and I will be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions]
And our first question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division
So my question is revenue rebalancing is a real focus for retailers and I guess, for you all as well as we
kind of look into '24. So maybe can you provide some color on how Procter approached this in its '24
operating plan? Maybe comment on -- I know getting questions, comment maybe on level of investment
up or down, the mix between spending at the top of the P&L versus the middle of the P&L? And maybe if
there are any segments, geographies that require more intention than others. But again, this is -- it's a
big issue and just kind of really want to get some color in terms of how you all approached it as you went
into '24.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Bryan, I'll start. Look, our strategy is to grow categories. And that is the same strategy we'll execute
in fiscal '24, and that means growing categories across volume and value. I think we take great comfort in
the U.S. results where we already see volume growth in quarter 4 of 3%, which is half of the growth we
saw in the quarter of 6% in terms of sales.
Driving volume and value category growth in our mind is best done via innovation and by driving
superiority across the 5 vectors that we have defined, product, package, communication, go-to-market
and value. And we see plenty of opportunity across our categories to drive household penetration, drive
usage occasions, drive new jobs to be done, with all physical and mental levers that are available to us.
So we'll continue to invest in that direction. We have plenty of innovation that is doing just that. Just to
give you a few examples. If you look at China, Safeguard China is the #1 PCC brand and Detox Body
Wash, which is 2x the market average price has almost doubled in fiscal '23, and we'll continue to build on
that strength by driving better awareness and even more awareness on that brand.
In Europe, Ariel four-chamber unit dose and the ECOCLIC packaging, very strong results contributed
to more than 20% sales growth in quarter 4. And again, we're just starting that provides plenty of
opportunity to continue to drive market growth. We just launched Cascade Platinum Plus, no prewash, no
rewash. And again, it's contributing to category growth and category share growth for us.
So plenty of opportunity to drive. As to the balance between above the line and below the line, it's hard to
grow categories in volume and value with promotion. So we tend to focus on innovation, superiority and
communication investments. When we promote we would like to do it in a strategic way. So that means
driving regimen, for example, combining laundry detergent and fabric enhancers. So a high penetration,
lower penetration category so that we overall build business for our retail partners and for ourselves.
Generally, the promo environment continues to be relatively stable, and we have no interest in changing
that current dynamic.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I would just offer a couple of thoughts, Bryan, in addition to what Andre said. Pricing isn't going away in
the absolute. It is linked to innovation. And we have a very strong innovation pipeline, as Andre partially
described. If you look back historically, pricing has been a positive contributor to our top line growth for
something like 48 out of 51 in the last quarters.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

And again, as we strengthen our innovation program even further, that will provide opportunities to
continue to benefit from modest pricing. The second thing just to be aware of, and Andre mentioned
it, when you have a strong innovation program, it compels consumers to try even better performing
products, which typically involves a mix benefit. So you're going to have some amount of pricing going
forward. You're going to have some amount of mix, which you saw, for instance, in the last quarter.
Volume, the trend is very encouraging, as Andre said, both on a global aggregate basis, 2 quarters ago,
volume was minus 6, last quarter, minus 3, this quarter minus 1. And as Andre said, we've fully turned the
corner and are growing volume at very healthy levels in our largest market.
We also have -- we will benefit from capacity investments that we're making currently. We have several
categories in the U.S., for example, where we're currently on allocation on certain forms and freeing up
that capacity to fully serve demand of both retailers and consumers will help as well. So those are just
some additional to consider as you think about this question.
Operator
The next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
I guess it seems to have resolved the debate as to when you think you can return to an algorithm growth.
As you said, Andre, the '24 outlook implies that time is now, which is great. I guess the question I'm
grappling with is, if you are fortunate to see upside as the year progresses, whether from further cost
relief productivity benefits, top line strength, et cetera.
How do you think about using that additional flexibility? I'm sure, to some extent, the answer is you'll
reinvest to stay within the algorithm range and preserve longer-term momentum. But I guess, is there
a point or a framework you'd use to assess flowing through some of those benefits to upside versus the
current guide.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. We're very pleased that we were able to guide back to algorithm for fiscal '24. And as it comes to
incremental investment, should we see more momentum or more help from a commodity perspective.
The principle we will apply is return on investment. It's a very simple principle. We're not guided by
money being available were guided by what is the best path forward to create sustainable value for our
shareholders.
We have plenty of opportunity to invest partially in the direction that we mentioned before. You saw media
spending, for example, picking up in quarter 4, partially because that's profiled with innovation and retail
events. But as we further develop our ability to target more effectively and efficiently in the media space,
we generally see a higher return on investment on every incremental dollar that we spend.
So we will carefully push in that direction because we believe that more awareness on stronger innovation
and superior products will drive the market and therefore, will drive our growth in a constructive way. We
also have plenty of opportunity to improve our service levels. As Jon said, we're adding capacity and we'll
invest and continue to invest in our ability to serve our retail partners even more effectively than we have
done in the past.
And then we have plenty of opportunity to invest in future productivity, Supply Chain 3.0, our digital
capabilities, all of those follow the same principles. Are they turning reasonable -- are they giving us a
reasonable return on investment. If they do, we will try to invest. If they don't, we let the money flow
through to earnings.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Yes. Just emphasizing the point of ROI-based decision-making, I don't -- when we're discussing an
opportunity in the market, whether that's an advertising product supply, building capability, I don't think I
ever asked the question, where are we versus our guidance range in terms of the bottom line.
That's just not how we think about things. We've reflected a significant amount of investment that we're
very excited about within the guidance range, and we'll continue looking for opportunities to build return.
But that will be the focus.
Operator
The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
So just wanted to change a bit off Bryan's question more towards the payback from ad spend and P&G
market share performance than the promotion and pricing side of things, which you covered, obviously,
another quarter of strong organic sales growth. I know driving category growth is job one.
But P&G share gains were a bit more modest in the quarter and the fiscal year. So I just wanted to get
an update on your view of market share performance. How you're position going forward on that front,
particularly given the recent reinvestment into marketing and the levels of payback you think you're
getting from that?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Let me start. I'm sure Jon will add. I'll start by saying we're very pleased with our market share
performance. We are holding global aggregate volume share and value share in the light of very strong
pricing contribution to the P&L, which is a great outcome. As Jon mentioned, we see sequential progress
in terms of volumes in the market and in our performance, which is the critical outcome as we enter fiscal
'24.
When you look at the U.S., we continue to drive value share growth of 20 basis points, and volume share
growth of 50 basis points in the most recent reading. And when you look at our European shares, our
focused market shares, they've turned positive in the past 1 and 2 months in European focus markets.
So all of those things give us great confidence that the strategy of driving superiority, and providing value
to consumers via innovation at the time when we price is working. Our vertical portfolio across value tiers
and across price points in the markets is working. So we'll continue to double down in that direction. From
a U.S. share perspective, we see some trading into private label.
Private label shares in aggregate are actually flat in the U.S. at about 16%, so not really growing
sequentially. But if you compare versus previous quarter, as we had mentioned before, there is some
volatility, especially in Family Care, some in Baby Care where we would expect as private label and smaller
brands return to the shelf, some of those record shares will decrease, and that's partially what we're
seeing. But structurally, the business is in a very good place, and we think we are well positioned to
continue our journey on driving market growth and thereby expanding our share premium, which is, by
the way, included in our guidance. where we said the market is going to grow 4%, and we're going to
grow ahead of the market.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And only one point to add to that. I agree with everything Andre just said. As you're looking to see a
correlation Steve (sic) [ Dara ], between increased marketing investment in Q4 and market share. As I
know you know, it's not instantaneous. If you just think about purchase cycles as one of the dynamics, we
have categories where the purchase cycle is once every 6 months or once every year. And so we look at it
obviously over longer periods of time.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Operator
The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
Great. I was hoping to hear a little bit more about the SKU simplification program because that was news
I know you guys have spent a good amount of time talking about Supply Chain 3.0, but I was intrigued
by this kind of new initiatives. So I was curious, I guess, first, geographically, are there particular markets
where it's more pertinent.
How far along are you in this process in terms of identifying where the opportunities are? And should we
think about that as contributing to existing productivity programs? How does this interact with kind of
discussion with retailers and bringing innovation in the market? Is it like a one in, one out. But just some
more nuance around this program would be interesting.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Lauren. Look, SKU simplification is a category opportunity. If you look -- and it's a category opportunity
globally across the categories that we operate in. It's the reality that a very small that the bottom 25% of
SKUs in the categories we operate in, deliver a very small contribution to absolute retail sales. So as we
think about even better serving our consumers and even better serving our retail partners, it is a logical
part of an optimization program to find a better, more efficient shelf.
The appealing part for us is the data that we have based on images of our customers' shelves in terms
of POS data and the algorithms we have developed to analyze the combination of those 2 give us great
insight on what the right shelf set up should be and which SKUs we should really focus on with our retail
partners to maximize overall sales throughput.
And that's the opportunity we're going after. It is a program that runs across all categories, and it's a
program that runs across all regions. It will be ongoing as we reset shelves and discuss future innovation
with our retail partners. And it is part of our program with our retail partners to drive efficiency, and
part of our own productivity efforts because as you can imagine, reducing SKUs in a very complex
manufacturing environment, frees up capacity and frees up cost.
So it's a multi benefited space, but we'll take our time to ensure that we do it the right way. There's
no standard, simple way to do this, so it requires a lot of analysis and a lot of planning with our retail
partners to do it right.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
They are very excited about this opportunity. As I meet with our retail partner CEOs and the key managers
in those accounts. They're very anxious to work together on this. And a very important emphasis point is
that, this is sometimes looked at primarily through a bottom line cost saving efficiency lens.
That's not how we're approaching this, though that will be a benefit. We're really focusing on the
opportunity, as Andre said, with a more powerful shelf to grow categories faster. And therefore, it's a top
line opportunity for us and our retail partners. And we believe that if we do this well, what would normally
be considered as some shelf distribution risk through a smaller lineup that we can actually convey that
into a stronger overall shelf.
So it's multifaceted, as Andre said, it's early days working through this, and it will be a category by
category, account by account effort, but I think they hold significant opportunity. This is -- you asked
a question, Lauren, whether this was kind of incremental to the previously communicated productivity
numbers. This is part of that and part of how we deliver that, and again, has top line benefit as well.
Operator
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

The next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.
Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division
So actually, I had just 2 quick ones, Jon. On China, can you just provide any kind of on-the-ground color
on what's going on with the consumer? I mean, is this still about them feeling comfortable getting out and
about a more normalized routine? Or is there something more economic going on? And then the bigger
question is just obviously, supply chains have been disrupted for the past few years.
I'm suspecting innovation was disrupted as a result things are getting back to normal. I'm just curious,
like how do you -- how would you frame P&G's innovation pipeline for fiscal '24 relative to a normal year?
I mean, is this going to be kind of a bigger year than normal? And then how do you think about getting
the space given that what I understand is most companies are going to have a pretty heavy innovation
here over the next 12 months. I'm just curious how you think about spending needs, and the ability to get
everything you want on to the shelves.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
China, as Andre said in our prepared remarks, continues to recover, not at a significantly rapid pace, but
steadily. So our business in that country was up 4% in the last quarter.
And that's a big improvement from where it was in the first half of the year. There are -- there continue
to be consumer confidence, challenges driven by many factors in China. But again, improving month-on-
month. There are some fundamental underlying economic challenges.
If you look, for example, at the employment rates of people in their 20s, it's very low. Right now, the
unemployed -- sorry, the unemployment rate is high, the employment rate is low, unemployment of as
much as 20%. So there's a combination of things. But as always, I hold out great hope for China and our
business in it. As I said, we're beginning to recover nicely as we speak.
On the supply chain, several things happen as we rebalance the supply and demand. One is, and we've
talked about this before, we're able to focus more energy and effort, refocus more energy and effort on
productivity. So that's a significant benefit, and that's included in our assumptions on the guidance. It
also makes it easier to get line time to innovate. We have a very strong innovation program that we're
executing currently and obviously expect it's part of our model, we expect to do that going forward.
And our track record to the point of how do you get things on shelf. Our track record speaks for itself. So
one of the innovations that Andre was talking about earlier, if you just look at hand dish washing in the
United States and Europe. Dawn PowerWash and Dawn EZ-Squeeze bottle. Those 2 innovations together
drove 17% growth in that business last year, up 1.5 share points in the U.S., up. I think the number is 1.1
share points in Europe.
And we're just getting started with the potential there, but that kind of track record behind innovation
makes us a very compelling partner to our retail partners. And that specific example, as you would
expect with those kind of numbers, had a significant impact on market growth, which is also of primary
importance to them.
They don't really, as you know, don't really care or aren't benefited by our share growth unless it is driven
by market growth, which they benefit from. So I think we're in good shape when we have great ideas
when we can increase consumer and shopper delight, we'll be fully present.
Operator
The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Jon, you mentioned, I think in your introductory remarks that your e-commerce business is now about
17% of total, which has probably doubled in 3 or 4 years. Can you maybe kind of stand back and reflect
on what that means for your business overall? And I'm maybe concentrating on the U.S. How does that
change your relationship with brick-and-mortar? Does it -- has it had an impact on your shelf space in
brick-and-mortar? How has it changed your supply chains, what added complexity it's given to you? And
how has it changed your overall discussion with retailers? I know there's a lot there, but what are the
key things and takeaways that we should get about what's been a pretty big transformation in terms of
channels over the last 3 or 4 years.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Thanks, Robert. It's getting harder and harder to distinguish between e-commerce and traditional
commerce, if you will, even in our conversations with our retail partners. Most of the large brick-and-
mortar retailers are emphasizing the development of e-commerce in different forms themselves and have
had significant growth behind those efforts. So honestly, I have not been in a conversation that is zero
sum in nature or that is, in any way, combative in nature, more of the conversation is how can we work
together to fully satisfy our shoppers, many of whom prefer an e-commerce experience.
From a Pure business standpoint, we aim to be indifferent between channels. We want to have an equally
attractive margin, which we generally do at least in aggregate, and we want a share profile in the different
channels that allows us to be in difference, and allows us to support consumers and shoppers and
whatever their choice is, wherever they want to go. That's always work to do, but we stand today in a very
good place.
And last comment I'd make is just when you think about the growth of e-commerce, in the year that we
just completed, as Andre said, it was 7%. That's the same rate of growth for the total business. So there's
not a tipping exercise that's going on here. It's really working to raise all boats.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
And the only thing I'd add is many of the initiatives we talked about are designed to benefit an omni
environment. So both online as well as physical store. When you think about SKU productivity, absolutely
critical when you try to fulfill an online business from shelf because you need the holding power. When
you think about supply chain services, our ability to fulfill on behalf of our retail partners directly from our
DCs, significant advantage if you're in an online environment, but also an opportunity for any brick-and-
mortar retailers. So all of those programs are basically channel agnostic. They serve any format within our
markets.
Operator
The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
I have one for Jon and one for Andre. Jon, on the U.S. volume recovery, are you seeing more of a need
to defend the entry-level pricing with promo? I know -- I don't want to sound as if I do appreciate all that
you said about several initiatives on or not only initiatives, I mean real market share gains in innovation,
but I'm just thinking of the private label and value brands are discussed. Do you feel comfortable with
your price pack architecture as it stands now?
And do you think that also related to the Fabric and Fem Care basically capacity increase. So you're now
on shelf and you can be more tactical in some price points? And then, Andre, on the cost side for fiscal
'24, it seems like you're calling a net benefit of $400 million in your net commodities plus FX and Plus
Logistics. I understand that you use the spot prices and to the extent numbers come in better than that,
would you see more of a need to reinvest or potentially flow through some of the savings into the bottom
line?
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
I'll start with the commodity question, commodity FX question. You're right, $800 million AT held on
commodities, offset by $400 million in FX and $200 million in interest expense. Couple of points. One, as
we've talked before, it takes time for these effects to flow through the P&L. So generally, we expect them
to be more back-half weighted versus front-half weighted. And the same is true with any incremental help.
So if we see incremental help, it can take up to 6 to 9 months for it to flow through the P&L. So we need
to keep that in mind. But I'll give you the same answer. I think we've given before, Andrea, will be ROI-
driven. And it's really less defined by to get more commodity help or less commodity help are within
guidance range without or outside of guidance range.
The discussion is, is this the right investment to drive the strategy and create sustainable value. And
if it is, we'll do everything possible to make the investment work. Obviously, if commodity help is
coming, that's an easier decision. But will be 100% ROI driven, both in the short term and the long-term
investments.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And as it relates to opening price points, that's a very fair question, and something that we're always
evaluating as you would expect. But there are several tools that we have available to us to ensure that
we're providing good value to consumers for whom price becomes a challenge. We have a pack size,
ensuring that we have pack sizes that are accommodated within their cash outlay capacity, making sure
that we have offerings that are right for the channels that consumers typically go to when they come
under economic pressure, ensuring that whether it's on the package, whether it's on the shelf, whether it's
in advertising, we're clearly communicating the value that those offerings provide.
And I think you'll see us going to the utilization of those tools much more frequently to fully delight and
satisfy that shopper than we will simply price.
Operator
The next question comes from Callum Elliott of Bernstein.
Callum Elliott
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
I wanted to drill a little bit more into reinvestment, please, and from a different angle. So my question
really is about retail media spend. We've seen a lot of hype, if I can put it that way, about the potential of
retail media from the retailers themselves, and in particular, the potential for CPG retail media spend to be
incremental for the retailers.
So my question is, can you talk a bit about retail media spend from your perspective, who's responsible
for it within your business? Is it the brand teams or your customer teams? And is there a risk that this
really will need to be incremental spend? Or is it just shifting from shopper marketing dollars and legacy
media channels?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, I can start, and then Jon, if you want to add. For us, any type of media spend, whether it's digital,
online OTT TV, print or, as you say, customer media is part of the total mix. So what we're looking to do is
optimize our reach effectively with the target and the frequency across all of those different touch points.
And just like any other channel, retailer media needs to earn its place in our marketing mix model based
on the relative return that it can provide. Now are we working with our retail partners to maximize that
return? Absolutely. There are plenty of opportunities in data sharing combining transaction data with

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

media data to optimize and that is a strong reason why retailer-based marketing spending can make
sense.
But it is part of the overall marketing mix and it's managed in that way. So really, it's the brand teams
that are managing their overall mix. And they are collaborating closely with the customer teams because
in many cases, a well-timed investment in retailer media in line with merchandising plans on the floor or
online can provide superior return on investment.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And I like generally the concept of retailer media managed in just the way that Andre described, because
I just generally believe that the majority of brand choice is made in a retail environment. And so if we can
bring that all together, it offers significant opportunity.
I think less brand choice is made sitting on a couch or even driving in a car on a way to a retail
establishment. Same is true for online. So we're very carefully evaluating this opportunity, but it will be
done in the context that Andre described.
Operator
The next question comes from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Two questions. First, on cost savings. That obviously improved materially as the year progressed. So do
you feel like this is a sustainable improvement from here? Or to what extent does this perhaps reflect
an elevated level after last year was a little bit depressed? And then second question is just realizing
[indiscernible] strong innovation, and that's led to a greater consumer willingness to stay with your
premium brands, you alluded -- you talked about Dawn, for example.
And it's obviously driven your ability to grow the category even when consumers are trading down to
private label in certain instances. So Perhaps, can you talk about your innovation plans for fiscal '24, how
it compares to your past?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Olivia. On the cost savings side, we are very confident in our previous statements that we will return to
pre-COVID level across cost of goods, media savings and general productivity on the overhead side. And I
think you saw that play out in quarter 4.
As line time becomes available as we have more time with our suppliers, for example, as we start to
implement Supply Chain 3.0 we're very confident in our ability to create up to $1.5 billion of net savings
within the supply chain. We continue to generate a significant amount of savings via our media programs.
And every business is looking at productivity opportunities to balance labor and wage cost inflation within
the overhead structure.
So I think quarter 4 is a good indication that we are able to do just that, get back to pre-COVID levels
of productivity within those buckets that I described. In terms of innovation, what I'd tell you is, number
one, we never stopped innovation. So we prioritize strong innovation throughout COVID and supply chain
struggles. Because we knew that was the only way to create value for our retail partners and for our
consumers as we had to take significant pricing in addition to productivity to offset the commodity cost
increases that we saw.
It's also important to register that our innovation is not just premium innovation. We are innovating across
all value tiers because the concept of superiority requires us to be competitive or superior at every price
tier. So on a brand like Luvs, for example, which is a value brand on diapers in the U.S., we're competing
against private label offerings.
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

So we need to be able to be superior and have the right innovation to do just that. I continue to see a
very strong about innovation capability. We gave you a list of examples. There are plenty more. And I
think the bigger strength we have is the hit rate that we've been able to demonstrate is very good.
And as Jon mentioned, that gives confidence to retailers to support our innovation, which is the biggest
help that we can get in addition to just truly consumer-based innovation, having the support of our retail
partners to bring it on and drive category growth, and that allows us to create sustainable share growth
for us.
Operator
The next question comes from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
So I was hoping to get some color in terms of how to think about the gross margin progression. You
mentioned in response to Andreas' question, but the $800 million of depletion will be more back half
weighted, but it still seems you'll have some healthy tailwinds from productivity and price. So just any
thoughts in terms of how to think about the phasing of gross margin commodity cost pricing, productivity
evolve? Just in the context of such strong momentum exiting this year.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Peter. Look, I'll leave it at we're starting -- just starting to recover a lot of the gross margin that was
impacted by the commodity cost inflation. Obviously, our objective is to continue to recover and get
back to pre-COVID levels and then grow from there. Our algorithm requires with mid-single-digit top
line growth, mid- to high single-digit EPS growth requires somewhere between 20 and 60 basis points of
operating margin expansion.
And a part of that will have to come from gross margin expansion because as we said, we strive to
continue to invest in the business across innovation, across communication to drive superiority. I won't
give you detailed guidance, but we're still on the path to recovering back to pre-COVID levels.
Operator
The next question comes from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
Just a clarification on your organic sales growth guidance. You mentioned global -- you expect the global
market to grow 4% with modest growth in volume. Can you break down like what your expectation for
your volume assumption are for '24? And even just in terms of cadence, could we see, given the strong
improvement that you saw in Q4, some volume growth at a total company level even in the first half of
the year? Or do you think it's more of a second half in terms of volume growth for P&G?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Maybe starting by deconstructing the global market growth number. We expect 1 point to 1.5 points
of that over our fiscal year to come from volume. So these are global market growth numbers 1 point to
1.5 points in volume, same amount from mix, same amount from price. We strive to grow ahead of that.
What exactly the composition of our growth is, I think, will depend. And we'll see. So if I had to give you a
number, I don't think I could at this point in time. We expect sequential progress on the volume line, let's
put it that way.
And we will do everything possible to make that progress happen by driving market growth because
specifically on the volume side, that will be the most constructive way to drive our growth in '24.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Operator
The next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
So just 2 quick questions for me. First, with leverage where it's trending free cash flow generation is
strong. Why not buy back more stock or be guided more buybacks for the year? And second, good
progress on SK-II in the quarter, can we just get any context on where you think the brand is today, some
of the channel health. And this seems to be quite an important driver of growth. And just want to get a
some context on whether we can get back to those sorts of -- that sort of contribution on a more durable
basis going forward.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Got it. Yes, Chris, on free cash flow, I'll just tell you our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. We'll
fully fund the business. We will pay the dividend. We will do M&A where it makes sense, and then we will
return cash via share repurchase. Just keep in mind, we had 2 years where operating income was severely
limited because of the recovery of commodity cost increases, foreign exchange. So that explains, I think, a
little bit of that share repurchase number being a little bit lower.
But if you look at the average, we're still returning $14 billion to $15 billion to shareowners, which is
right in line with what we've been doing over previous years. On SK-II, 20% growth in the quarter looks
great on the headline. Just keep in mind, we're building that off of a very weak base period with Shanghai
lockdowns. So I wouldn't want you to extrapolate that straight into fiscal '24. I think most importantly, the
team is doing a great job in putting SK-II on a solid footing, both from a channel perspective, making sure
that the pricing across different channels, travel retail, domestic travel, retail and domestic markets is in a
sustainable place.
They are investing in the core equity of the brand, with a new campaign, and they are building retail
support and trial. All of those things, I believe, are a good indicator of where we're headed. And early
signs within China, for example, are very strong positive consumer reviews and initially, the positive share
growth. So we're headed in the right direction, but probably not quite at the clip you saw in quarter 4.
Operator
The next question comes from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Actually, ironically wanted to ask about SK-II but more in a portfolio construct view. So how do you think
about Prestige beauty fitting into your portfolio. I think it's been a question for years in terms of just
go-to-market and sort of synergies with the rest of the beauty business, you've obviously done some
selective M&A, not necessarily co-selling that with SK-II in certain businesses and markets.
So I guess as you take a step back and look at the volatility, obviously, partly COVID related over the last
3 to 4 years, there's been volatility there. Market is improving, but some signs that the go-to-market that
existed 3 years ago, 4 years ago, pre-COVID, is shifting in terms of how you sell those products. So are
the same synergies in going to market there today versus where you were a few years ago?
Are you still getting the same synergies in terms of flow-through to technologies that you're using in Olay?
And then related to all of that, how do you think about that current portfolio today? Does it need to be
bigger? Does it need to be shifted a bit in categories you content with where you are? So long-winded
question but also related to SK-II.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

As you know, we want to be present in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice. We
love SK-II in that context, and it's performed very well over the years.
As you indicated, the more recent volatility is due to channel dynamics and COVID dynamics, all of which
are beginning to turn more favorable. That will take a little bit of time. But this is a brand that we like. We
have said that from a portfolio standpoint, there are 2 categories that we're most interested in from an
acquisition standpoint, albeit in a very disciplined way. And those are the same 2 categories where we've
been making smaller acquisitions. Those 2 categories are Personal Health Care and Skin Care.
Operator
The final question comes from Bill Chappell of Truist Securities.
William Bates Chappell
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division
Just a question on Grooming. One, I might have missed what was going on in Europe. So if you can kind
of clarify that in the disruption.
But two, this seems to be kind of the best category to gauge pandemic behavior, it pulled back
meaningfully during pandemic. Obviously, we've had a reopening for the past 2 years. So can you maybe
give us the state of the state of that industry as we go into what looks like a normalized next 12 months?
Or are we at a normalized? Yes, I don't know if we've even back to where we were in 2019.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Look, if you look at the Grooming business, I would first tell you the last 2 quarters have been very
strong quarters. The Braun business, so the more appliance side of the business had been annualizing a
very strong base period during the pandemic as more and more folks have brought some of these jobs in-
house versus going to barber shops or beauty salons. And obviously, that had a very high base. So we're
annualizing that base. On the core grooming side, when you think about male blades and razors, female
hair removal or beard care, I think the business has done a fantastic job in expanding the jobs to be done
that we cover.
And driving honestly, market growth across each of those segments, and that will continue. So in terms of
future outlook, we feel very good about the business, recovering already in the second half, mainly from
the Braun strong base period. And I think the plans for current fiscal year are strong.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I want to thank everybody for your time this morning. We appreciate it. We know this is a busy morning
for you. We'll let you get on to other things. I just want to provide one last recognition of the team here
at P&G, who is working hard to serve consumers, customers, each other, society and, of course, our
shareowners. Thank you for your interest.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, everyone.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a
great day.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ4 2023 EARNINGS CALL  JUL 28, 2023

Copyright © 2023 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19