The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Wednesday, October 18, 2023 1:30 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 6

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o3b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian Robert Edward Ottenstein
Morgan Stanley, Research Division Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,

Research Division
Edward James Lewis
Redburn (Europe) Limited, Stephen Robert R. Powers
Research Division Deutsche Bank AG, Research

Division
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning, and welcome to Procter & Gamble's quarter-end conference call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results to differ materially from these projections.
As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs to make you aware that during the discussion, the
company will make a number of references to non-GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble
believes these measures provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business trends and has
posted on its Investor Relations website, www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call today is John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations. This fiscal year, Jon Moeller, Chairman, President and CEO, will join the mid-year and year-end
calls and I'll be leading the Q1 and Q3 calls.
Execution of our integrated strategy drove strong results in the July to September quarter, broad-based
organic sales growth across categories and regions, global aggregate market share growth, strong
productivity savings, enabling increased investment in superiority of our brands while also delivering very
strong earnings growth. These strong first quarter results put us on track to deliver towards the higher
end of our fiscal year guidance ranges for organic sales growth and core earnings per share and continued
strong cash productivity and cash return to shareowners.
Now moving to first quarter numbers. Organic sales grew 7%. Pricing added 7 points to sales growth and
mix contributed 1 point. Volume rounded down to a decline of 1 point with overall modest volume growth
outside Greater China. Top line growth was broad-based across business units with each of our 10 product
categories growing organic sales. Home Care grew low-teens. Personal Health Care was up double digits.
Feminine Care, Oral Care, Fabric Care, Hair Care and Grooming each grew high single digits. Baby Care
and Family Care were up mid-singles. Skin and Personal Care grew low singles.
Growth was also broad-based across geographies with 5 of 7 regions growing organic sales. Focus Markets
grew 6% for the quarter. Organic sales in the U.S. were up 7%. And Europe Focus Markets were up 15%.
Greater China organic sales were down 6% versus prior year. Underlying market growth is soft and choppy
as consumer confidence remains weak. SK-II was down low-teens in Greater China due to soft market
conditions and a temporary reduction in social retail merchandising.
Enterprise Markets were up 13% with Latin America up 19% and Europe Enterprise Markets up 15%.
Shipment volume in the U.S. grew 3% again this quarter, and we returned to volume growth in Europe
Focus Markets. Mexico, Brazil and India, some of our largest Enterprise Markets, continue to deliver solid
volume growth. These gains largely offset volume declines in the Greater China, Asia-Pacific and European
enterprise regions, primarily driven by underlying market contraction.
Global aggregate value share was up 40 basis points versus prior year with 32 of our top 50 category
country combinations holding or growing share. In the U.S., all-outlet value share was up 50 basis points
versus prior year with 7 of 10 categories holding or growing value share in the quarter. U.S. volume share
was up 60 basis points, reflecting 3% volume growth. Value share in European Focus Markets was up 40
basis points over the past 3 months.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Moving to the bottom line. Core earnings per share were $1.83, up 17% versus prior year. On a currency-
neutral basis, core EPS increased 21%. Core operating margin increased 240 basis points as 460 basis
points of gross margin expansion were partially offset by increased marketing investments, wage and
benefit inflation and foreign exchange impacts on SG&A. Currency-neutral operating margin increased 340
basis points. Productivity improvements were a 210 basis point help to the quarter.
Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 97%. We returned $3.8 billion of cash to shareowners,
approximately $2.3 billion in dividends and $1.5 billion in share repurchase. In summary, against what
continues to be a challenging and volatile operating environment, a very good start to the fiscal year
across top line, bottom line and cash.
Our team continues to operate with excellence, executing the integrated strategy that has enabled
strong results over the past 5 years. And that is the foundation for balanced growth and value creation, a
portfolio of daily-use products, many providing cleaning, health and hygiene benefits in categories where
performance plays a significant role in brand choice.
Ongoing commitment to and investment in irresistible superiority across the five vectors of product,
package, brand communication, retail execution and value across each price tier we compete. We are
again raising bar on our superiority standards to reflect the dynamic nature of this strategy.
Productivity improvement in all areas of our operations to fund investments in superiority offset cost and
currency challenges, expand margins and deliver strong cash generation. An approach of constructive
disruption, a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies that will shape our
industry for the future, especially important in the volatile environment we're in.
Finally, an organization that is more empowered, agile and accountable. We continue to improve
the execution of the integrated strategy with four focus areas: Supply Chain 3.0, digital acumen,
environmental sustainability and the employee value equation. These are not new or separate strategies.
They are necessary elements in continuing to build superiority, reduce cost to enable investment and value
creation and to further strengthen our organization.
Our strategic choices on portfolio, superiority, productivity, constructive disruption and organization
reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow markets, which in turn grow share, sales
and profit. We continue to believe that the best path forward to deliver sustainable top and bottom line
growth is to double down on this integrated strategy, starting with a commitment to deliver irresistibly
superior propositions to consumers and retail partners, fueled by productivity.
Moving to guidance. As I mentioned, we expect the environment around us to continue to be volatile and
challenging from input costs to currencies to consumer and geopolitical dynamics. We attempt to reflect
these realities in our guidance ranges. Based on current spot prices, we estimate commodities will be a
tailwind of around $800 million after tax in fiscal '24. This is consistent with the outlook we provided in
July.
However, within this estimate, there have been several moving parts. We've seen incremental relief on
some commodities like pulp, which have been offset by higher costs in other commodities, such as fuel.
Foreign exchange rates have moved sharply against us. And we now expect a headwind of approximately
$1 billion after tax, an incremental $600 million impact since our initial guidance for the year.
In addition to these impacts, we are also facing higher inflation in wages and benefits. And we expect
higher year-on-year net interest expense of approximately $200 million after tax. As we are just 1 quarter
to the fiscal year, we are maintaining our guidance ranges for organic sales, core EPS growth, cash
productivity and cash return to shareowners with each solidly on track after a very strong first quarter.
Guidance for organic sales is growth of 4% to 5% for the fiscal year. The range includes a normalization
in underlying market growth rates that is likely to occur through calendar year '24 as the market laps the
last wave of cost recovery pricing and as market volumes return to growth. For P&G, we expect 3 to 4
points less pricing benefit in each of the next 2 quarters compared to our first quarter results.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

On the bottom line, our outlook for fiscal '24 core earnings per share is 6% to 9% growth versus last
fiscal year. We're holding the range despite the incremental $600 million after-tax headwind from foreign
exchange. With now a 7 point EPS impact from FX, this outlook translates to 13% to 16% core EPS growth
on a constant currency basis.
We continue to forecast adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90%. We expect to pay more than $9
billion in dividends and to repurchase $5 billion to $6 billion in common stock. Combined, we plan to
return $14 billion to $15 billion of cash to shareowners this fiscal year.
This outlook is based on current market growth rate estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange
rates. Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruptions or
major production stoppages are not anticipated within the guidance ranges.
As you consider the cadence of earnings for the year, keep in mind that the back half of the year will see
less pricing benefit as we progressively annualize prior year increases. We should also see less commodity
benefit as we move through the year. Labor inflation continues throughout the supply chain and in our
cost. FX headwinds will increase versus quarter 1. Also, with a strong start to the year, we'll be reinvesting
to further strengthen our plans and to maintain strong momentum.
Finally, we'll be closely watching the health of the China market and the balance of regions. Energy costs
are rising as we head into fall and winter. Household saving levels have reduced, especially in Europe.
Slower economic growth, higher energy costs and higher interest rates for longer have an impact on
consumer confidence.
To conclude, while we expect volatile consumer and macro dynamics to continue, we remain confident in
our strategy and the results that it delivers. We are focused on driving growth in our categories. And we
are committed to delivering balanced top and bottom line growth and value creation for our shareowners.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
I guess, just picking up on your comments on organic growth over the balance of the year, maybe you
could talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about the progression of price versus volume versus
mix over the remainder of the year. And then I'm curious as to whether your approach to balancing those
various drivers differs at all between your focus markets, particularly the U.S. and the Enterprise Markets,
where you're experiencing more of the currency headwinds.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
As we said in the prepared remarks, we expect the market to return to a lower, more sustainable growth
rate, more in line with historical growth at around 4%. That will have a stronger contribution on the
volume side. We would expect that to be around 2% -- 1% to 2% of pricing and maybe 1 point of mix
impact. That will occur over the next few quarters. And as always, P&G is intending to grow ahead of the
market.
So really, our expectation for the year is to be slightly ahead of the market in terms of volume and slightly
ahead in terms of price. We continue to believe that we can price with strong innovation. And we have
gained even more confidence over the past 2 years that our strategy of pricing with innovation to drive
superiority and create value for the consumer is working.
And so we fully expect to return to that pattern. And again, pricing has been a core component of our
growth for 18 out of the last 19 years, so we expect that to continue. Specifically, I think the pricing will
start to lap in quarter 2. So you will see probably the price contribution drop to -- by 3 to 4 points in
quarter 2. And that was expected. And we then sequentially expect volumes to pick up and offset part of
that but do expect a lower overall market growth rate for the balance of the year.
To your second part of the question, Enterprise Markets versus focus markets, I think the only differential
would be foreign exchange. And we'll continue to price for foreign exchange. We've done that very
successfully across the world. Turkey is a major example, where we've been able to price for the
significant devaluation of the Turkish lira.
But we are able to grow share, grow sales, grow profit. We'll continue that model. Outside of that,
we'll continue to do and drive the same business model we're driving in focus markets, innovate, drive
superiority, price, grow markets and thereby grow sales, profit and share.
Operator
Next question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
So just to follow up on that, can you characterize what you're seeing competitively in terms of the pricing
environment? Obviously, it will be different by geography and product category. But in general, what
type of behavior are you seeing from your competitors? And any thoughts around retailer pushback as
commodities have turned favorable year-over-year?
And just then in terms of volume growth, it sounds like we should expect a return to volume growth.
Just what you think your level of visibility is around that and how much comfort you have in ultimately
returning to volume growth as pricing drops off?
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
When you look at the total market, it's very consistent with previous periods. You still see average market
growth of around 6% to 7%. And you see still the price component being a significant driver. Volumes
are stabilizing at a global level, minus 1 point to flat, depending on the geography you look at, the only
exception being Greater China. So the price component and the price rollover is consistent period-over-
period. So no differentiation there from a competitive standpoint, at least not that we see it.
Promotion continues to be -- promotion levels and other indicator continue to be below pre-COVID
levels. In the U.S., for example, volumes sold on deal is now at about 29%. Overall promotion levels still
[ indexed 80 ] versus pre COVID. In Europe, we also see promotions still down and actually sequentially
decreasing. Now it's a different dynamic by market obviously but only aggregate up. It looks like over the
past few quarters, promotion activity is actually still decreasing.
And that makes sense. If you look at the relatively little or small help to commodity costs, we see about
$800 million after-tax help offset by about $1 billion of foreign exchange. And recall, we're coming from 2
years, which combined have an impact of $7 billion of headwinds. So I think everybody is still recovering,
so the current pricing dynamic makes sense.
We have not experienced retailer pushback beyond normal discussions on how to maximize value for their
shoppers and for consumers overall. And again, our model of driving innovation and therefore superiority
and sales while we price and create value for retailers and shoppers seems to be resonating.
On the volume side, we feel very good about where we are in the trajectory of volume growth. Again,
excluding China, we're already seeing volume growth of 20 basis points, sequential improvement in --
versus the prior quarters, which we would have expected. And again, that's in the context of 7% pricing
still flowing into the market. We expect volumes will continue to grow. U.S., strong, as we said, Europe,
strong, Latin America and India are strong. So we continue to see us progressing on that trajectory.
Operator
The next question comes from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
I want to drill in on China a little bit. Number one, kind of in the short term, how is the business there
progressing? Any visibility or improvement there? And when do you think that may turn positive? And a
little bit longer term or kind of strategically, we are hearing from some of the other companies we talk
to that the Chinese market may not be as profitable and attractive as perhaps they may have thought a
number of years ago and that perhaps the nature of competition is changing in China again, so love to get
your thoughts on both China in the short term and the long term.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Rob. I think we said all along that we don't expect the China recovery to be quick, extensive or
linear. And I think that's playing out. The business health in China is really all driven by market dynamics
right now. So total market volume continues to be down. It has been down over the past few quarters,
between 7% and 9%. Value is down around 5% over the past few quarters. And that's the market I'm
describing. So we're operating within a market that is still contracting post-COVID reopening.
That said, we do believe that China continues to be an attractive place for us to do business. We've been
there for 30 years. We have a very strong organization on the ground, R&D capability, supply chain
capability and commercial capability. The Chinese consumer is a demanding consumer. The Chinese retail
environment is a demanding retail environment. And that generally plays to our strength. So we believe
that, a, we can play a value-creating role in China, and we expect the Chinese market to return to mid-
single-digit growth here over the coming periods.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

If you just look at the consumer structures, middle-income consumers, we have about 450 million, we
estimate, in China today. That will grow probably north of 700 million over the next 5 years. So there is
a class of consumers that we believe are attractive for our businesses. And therefore, we believe that
our business in China can create significant value over the next few years. And we'll continue to remain
invested.
Operator
The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
You've mentioned a return to volume growth in European Focus Markets, which is great to see. And
obviously, market shares have generally held up well. But we started to see some pickup in private label
share trends across Europe. You mentioned the European consumer being under pressure. So just kind
of curious, maybe some more broad thoughts there on Europe on market share trends that you're seeing
more real time versus what's kind of already transpired in the reported results, more the go-forward look,
on European shares and volume trends?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you. Look, the European -- let me focus here on the Western European side because I think that's
where your question is relevant. Look, we've seen 15% organic sales growth in Europe Focus Markets,
which is incredibly strong, a combination of 2% volume growth and strong price/mix. We have 40 basis
points of share growth across the same geographies, which is very encouraging. The market is returning
to volume growth. And that generally are positive signs.
Yes, private label shares in Europe are growing. They continue to grow at about an 80 basis point clip
month-over-month. But that still enables us to grow share in the same geographies. And I think that share
growth is enabled by a strong portfolio across different brand tiers, across different cash outlays. The fact
that we are present in all relevant channels across Europe, and that allows us to effectively compete. Even
as consumers look at the private label versus branded value creation, the balance seems to be still in our
favor.
Operator
The next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division
I guess, I have two connected questions. One is if we look at first quarter and even your commentary
about guidance maybe higher end of the range, I know you've talked a lot -- you've talked a bit about
some of the risks in the market. But just like what's been better so far this year is one question, so just
that. And then related to that also, you talked about reinvestment. So if you can just give us some sense
of kind of the sizing of that reinvestment and maybe where those dollars are going.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
If you look at the first quarter, I think the -- we are encouraged by the combination of factors here on
the consumption side. Again, volume -- return to volume growth outside of China, we expect China to be
choppy as we said all along. But even with China down, we've been able to grow -- and that certainly has
been encouraging to us. And the depth and breadth of that growth, both across value and volume outside
of China, is really encouraging us and giving us confidence that the model will continue to drive results
that point to the upper end of the guidance ranges.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

On the reinvestment side, we will continue to look for opportunities to invest when the return of that
investment is attractive. It won't be driven by availability of funds. It will be driven by ability to create an
attractive return. Our first priority, as you can imagine, in this current environment is to invest in ideas
that drive market growth. So investing in products, investing in innovation that is driving new jobs to be
done, investing in media spending that is driving household penetration, investing in communication to the
consumer that drives usage in the right way to drive better delight for the consumer will be key.
A couple of examples. Ninjamas in bedwetting was a sleepy category. We entered a couple of years ago.
The category is growing 7%. We were able to drive 60% of that growth, which is 6x our fair share. Those
are great examples where we can continue to invest, drive growth for the business, drive for our retailers
and create value for shareholders. We continue to see opportunities in media. As we get sharper and
sharper on our targeting across media around the world and our capabilities of scale, the ROI gets better.
So we'll continue to drive up reach. We continue to drive up frequency. And again, that is a core driver for
us, to drive household penetration, drive trial, which will turn into loyalty and repeat.
The last bucket I will give you is investing in supply resilience and productivity. Our supply chain resilience,
we see as a core competitive advantage for our retail partners and for ourselves. So we'll continue to
ensure that our capacity to demand ratio is where we want it to be. And investing in productivity, we
believe, has a high payout and is critical for us to continue the investment in superiority, which is part of
the business model. So those are the headlines. But be reassured, we'll do it on a very disciplined basis
with return on investment as the top priority.
Operator
The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Andre, your comments about volume, I would like to drill down a little bit. You mentioned China. I believe
you are still looking to a mid-single-digit growth. And obviously, I understand the choppiness of the
market. And you had SK-II down in the low-teens. So I'm assuming for that to happen, you're expecting
SK-II to gradually improve or lap easier comps as we go through the balance of the year. And then when
you mentioned -- like doing the math when you said pricing, as we decompose your guidance, right, the
4% to 5% for organic total company, you mentioned expect sequential 3% to 4% decline in the benefit of
pricing, right?
So it was a good 7%, so you would be implying towards 3% to 4% in the next 2 quarters. So with that
being said, it implies in the next 2 quarters, some sort of improvement in volume, right, or at least some
sort of inflection. So I was trying to figure that out in the context of what you said about China and what
you said about total company, basically what it regresses to, it regresses to an improvement in China? Is
that what we should be thinking?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
So first part of your question, we obviously want to see SK-II return to growth. But the volume impact
of SK-II is relatively limited. Because the volume-to-organic sales ratio obviously is very high unit sales.
So China, we believe, will return to mid-single-digit growth. When exactly that's going to happen is really
hard to predict. And I would say, like we have delivered 7% organic sales growth in the first quarter with
China down, I think we'll continue to operate and not counting on China recovery as the core catalyst to
growth for the coming quarters.
On your sequential question on volume, you're right. As we said, the pricing contribution to organic
sales growth will decrease 3 to 4 points over the coming quarters. And we expect volume to progress
sequentially. The exact trajectory of that progression, I think, is questionable. And I won't make a
prediction here. But I'll tell you that the progress we're seeing from minus 6 to minus 3 to flat -- to minus
1 to now flat is pointing in that right direction. So we see we're on the right path. And we will continue to
invest to drive wholesale penetration and create that volume growth in our business.
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Operator
The next question comes from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Andre, you talked about the changes in FX and how you've been able to absorb that into the fiscal year
outlook. Can you discuss what's embedded in your outlook in terms of the consumer, the economy?
Obviously, increasing risk or concerns around trade-downs, lower volumes and macros in general, so if
you could talk about that. And then also your ability and -- your agility to switch between spending that is
either net to sales versus operating in light of potentially volatile conditions.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thanks, Olivia. Look, the consumer continues to be remarkably resilient. As we said in the U.S., the
consumption levels are actually stable. Our volume share and our value share are growing. And that's true
in Europe and in most parts of the world. And I interpret that as our portfolio doing exactly the job that
it's supposed to do. And building a portfolio that is grounded in superiority in daily-use categories that are
nondiscretionary, I think, is serving us extremely well.
We're able to add value, bring value to the consumer. And we are doing that in every tier, not just in the
premium tier but in the mid-tier and in value tiers across the world, which allows us to serve the consumer
even as their spending preferences might change. Now we haven't seen a significant change in their
preference yet. If anything, consumers that are choosing P&G products continue to trade up within our
portfolio.
But you can see our ability to grow in markets even when we see private label shares expand. And so we
don't expect a significant change in that profile. And we believe we are well set up to grow even if the
consumer feels a bit more of a pinch here going into the fall or winter season. The main intervention for
us continues to be investing in innovation and continue to invest in media supports to communicate the
strength and the value that our brands can provide.
We don't see a significant need to drive price promotion. Our focus, if we promote, if we look for in-store
support is really to drive regimen. So we view it as a strategic tool to drive either trial or habit formation,
i.e., regimen steps added to the laundry regime or the hair care regime, for example. Because that
drives incremental consumption. It drives growth for our retail partners and for us. In many cases, our
innovation is strong enough to get in-store support. And that's really what we're after. When the product
in and of itself generates enough traffic and consumption, so retailers want to support it, that's the goal
we're going after.
Operator
The next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
I was wondering if you could expand on two categories, which have been important for volume growth and
seemingly should be important ahead. Just first on laundry, we've seen an improvement, a reacceleration
in trends. Can you just expand on what's driving that and the durability?
And then second, in Personal Health Care, I believe that was an important driver of volume growth in the
quarter. Can you just expand on what exactly was driving that in the quarter and if you think those trends
are also sustainable go-forward? So I'm just trying to get a sense of some of the volume durability that we
saw in the quarter go-forward, specifically in the context of potentially some volatility out of China likely to
persist.
Andre Schulten

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Thanks, Chris. The laundry business is very encouraging. Results around the world are very strong.
Let me focus on the U.S. market because that's -- it's the biggest market and you have the highest
visibility to. But if you look at the trends, they are very encouraging. We are now growing value and
volume share in U.S. Fabric Care. Value share has been flat over the past 3 months. Volume share has
been up 1.6 points. So we continue to push the laundry business forward. We have record-high fabric
enhancer shares. And we have record-high laundry consumption in the U.S.
Most importantly, I think, is the fact that we're driving 70% of the category growth in laundry. And we're
driving 100% of the category growth in fabric enhancers. And it's really driven by strong innovation,
strong superiority and doubling down on consumer-relevant communication and in-store support. So I
fully believe that this will only accelerate. And to your question, yes, it is sustainable because it's just in
line with the business model.
PHC is doing extremely well around the world. And obviously, the seasonality here plays a key role. Going
into the season, we see strong results, which is part of the strength in volumes that you see. And the last
part I'll leave you with is we've invested significantly and continue to invest in strengthening our supply
capability in Personal Health Care, which will be needed to support that strong growth going forward. But
feel good about both businesses, and yes, I think the trajectory is absolutely sustainable.
Operator
The next question comes from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
Just a question on gross margin, clearly very strong, the performance in the quarter, big inflection in
terms of the year-over-year increase. You seem like you have pretty good visibility in the first half, at least
on the commodity front. Can you give us a sense of how you're thinking the second half will play out,
especially as pricing contribution comes down?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, when we talked about the cadence of earnings, I think it's important to understand the drivers of the
gross margin expansion we saw in quarter 1. And we expect some normalization of gross margin. We were
certainly benefiting from a high price contribution in quarter 1. And as we said, that price contribution will
ease over the coming quarters.
The biggest part of the commodity help, about 33% of the $800 million after-tax commodity help has
materialized in quarter 1. So that's a positive to gross margin relative to the balance of the year. And the
foreign exchange rate headwinds will accelerate over the coming quarters.
On the other hand, we will accelerate and continue to drive strong productivity. We will continue to drive
trade-up and innovation. And we continue to drive every other element of productivity, not only in gross
margin but across the P&L and the balance sheet. But I want you to take away that the gross margin
expansion in quarter 1 is very strong. But we have headwinds going into the balance of the year.
Operator
The next question comes from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
So I wanted to ask specifically on Latin America, 19% growth in the quarter, very strong. And you may
have alluded to this. But are you already seeing a return to volume growth in the region? And then just
thinking through the performance in the quarter, can you maybe just unpack what you're seeing in terms
of broader category performance versus how much of this growth is a function of share gains?
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Look, the Latin America business is on fire. And I think it is on fire because we've chosen maybe opposite
to the market to double down on superiority. When we saw the need to price for foreign exchange and
commodity impacts in Latin America, the team made the choice to double down on innovation and price
for the innovation and to offset foreign exchange rate, inflation and commodities. And that clearly has
played out well. We are seeing growth in our categories. And we are seeing share growth in Latin America.
The growth is both on the volume side and on the value side in the biggest markets, in Brazil, Mexico, for
example. I think the biggest headwind that we have to acknowledge is Argentina, where it's very difficult
to make progress at this point in time, given the level of inflation, some constraints in terms of ability
to price. So outside of Argentina, I can only paint a very positive picture of the Latin America growth
construction. And again, it's grounded in the superiority of our brands. And I feel very strong about the
sustainability of that model.
Operator
The next question comes from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Two sort of unrelated follow-ups. One, just on China, given your commentary about the middle class, I
think everybody is obviously aware that there's just a growing middle class and that they'll ultimately
consume more. But any sort of changes in your view about how quickly the middle class premiumizes
purchases? Obviously, SK-II is maybe sort of a one-off. But any changes there in terms of how quickly you
think that they can go for more premium-priced products? Does that potentially change how Procter thinks
about its product positioning or portfolio positioning in the market?
And then on the gross margin versus marketing spend sort of decision tree, if gross margin moderates,
how do we think about the incremental reinvestment or marketing investment from an SG&A standpoint
through the year? Would that inversely kind of move with gross margin? Or I should say, would it move
with gross margin, meaning less gross margin expansion, less reinvestment?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Look, I really don't have any more insights on the China recovery timing. You see the volatility in
the market. That will directly correlate with consumer confidence, income levels and therefore recovery
timing. I think we're hoping for faster, but we're prepared for longer would be my answer here.
On the gross margin versus marketing spending side, when I say we're ROI-driven, I really mean we're
ROI-driven. So there's no direct correlation between availability of funds and investment levels. If we
continue to see strong response to the marketing spend, increases that we deliver in quarter 1, I think
there's a strong incentive for us to continue that level of investment.
I also expect that our gross margin expansion and our overall growth contribution availability will continue
to enable us to drive strong innovation and drive strong support of those innovations. That's part of the
business model. That's why again it has to be a combination of driving very strong productivity to reinvest
in superiority, to grow markets. And we have to keep that cycle spinning.
Operator
The next question comes from Edward Lewis of Redburn Atlantic.
Edward James Lewis
Redburn (Europe) Limited, Research Division
Another strong quarter in the U.S., seeing both volume and value growth. Just looking back at 2020,
where we were dealing with obviously a lot of COVID headwinds, you were talking about growing about
Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

4% to 6% as a sustainable rate of growth in the U.S. In light of all that's gone on in the past few years
and seeing where we are in the U.S. at the moment with the consumer, are you still comfortable with that
range over the longer term?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Look, I won't give you guidance on a market-by-market basis. I think the -- what is proving out is that
the business model we're driving in the U.S. is very successful. If we are successful in continuing to drive
market growth, that will continue to drive sales ahead of that market growth for us while being sustainable
because we create business instead of taking business from somebody else.
If that model is successful, which I believe it will, I feel very strongly about the growth prospects of the
U.S. And again, we're doubling down in every dimension of superiority. We're doubling down in every
dimension of market execution. So my overall confidence in the U.S. market capability and growth
trajectory is very high.
Operator
There are no further questions at this time.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today. Again, very strong first quarter in the year, and we'll look
forward to speaking with you. If you have any questions, John and I will be available all day. So please feel
free to call or e-mail. Thank you very much.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Have a
great day.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ1 2024 EARNINGS CALL  OCT 18, 2023

Copyright © 2023 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2023 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14