CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

Comments from CEO Pat Gelsinger  
and CFO Dave Zinsner 
Intel’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer offer comments after 
the company released its third-quarter 2023 earnings. 
 
The following are the prepared remarks provided on Intel’s third-quarter 2023 earnings conference call held at 2 p.m. PDT 
on Oct. 26, 2023. These remarks include forward-looking statements that are based on the environment as seen by the 
company as of the time of the call and, as such, are subject to various risks and uncertainties. They also contain references 
to non-GAAP financial measures that the company believes provide useful information to investors. Refer to the 
company’s earnings release on intc.com for the third-quarter 2023, most recent annual report on Form 10-K and other 
filings with the SEC for more information on the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the 
company’s expectations and additional information on non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations where 
appropriate to the corresponding GAAP financial measures. 
 
Oct. 26, 2023 – Pat Gelsinger, Intel chief executive officer (bio): 
 
Before we begin, given our significant and now almost 50-year presence in Israel, we are deeply 
saddened by the recent attacks and their impact on the region.  Our utmost priority is the safety 
and welfare of our people in Israel and their families, but I also want to recognize the resilience of 
our teams as they have kept our operations running and our factory expansion progressing. Our 
thoughts are with all of those affected by the war, and I am praying for a swift return to peace. 
 
Turning to our results, we delivered an outstanding Q3, beating expectations for the third 
consecutive quarter. Revenue was above the high end of our guidance and EPS (earnings per 
share) benefitted from both strong operating leverage and expense discipline. More important 
than our stand-out financial performance, were the key operational milestones we achieved in the 
quarter across process and products, Intel Foundry Services, and our strategy to bring AI 
everywhere. Simply put, this quarter demonstrates the meaningful progress we have made 
towards our IDM 2.0 transformation. 
 
The foundation of our strategy is re-establishing transistor power and performance leadership. 
While many thought our ambitions were a bit audacious when we began our five-nodes-in-four-
years journey roughly two-and-a-half years ago, we have increasing line of sight towards achieving 
our goal. Intel 7 is done with nearly 150 million units in aggregate of Alder Lake, Raptor Lake and 
Sapphire Rapids already in the market. In addition, Emerald Rapids has achieved product release, 
and began shipping this month.  
 
In Q3, we began initial shipments of Meteor Lake on Intel 4, which we are now aggressively 
ramping on the most productive fleet of EUV tools in the industry, providing us with a greater than 
20% capital efficiency advantage compared to when EUV tools were first launched.  High-volume 
EUV manufacturing is well underway in Oregon and, more recently, in Ireland. Our Fab 34 in 
Ireland represents the first high-volume EUV production in Europe, underscoring our 
commitment to establish geographically diverse and resilient supply. We are the only leading-
edge semiconductor manufacturer at scale in every major region of the globe.  
 
Our Intel 3 process is tracking to be manufacturing-ready by year-end, supporting our first two 
Intel 3 products, Sierra Forest and Granite Rapids. In fact, our production stepping of Sierra 
Forest is already out of fab, and what we expect to be the production stepping of Granite Rapids 
has already taped-in and is in the fab now. 



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

 
We are particularly excited by our move into the angstrom era with Intel 20A and Intel 18A. Adding 
to our accelerating adoption of EUV are two key new innovations, RibbonFET and PowerVia, 
representing the first fundamental change to the transistor and process architecture since we 
commercialized FinFET in 2012. I have been studying SEM diagrams for almost 40 years, 
RibbonFET and PowerVia are true works of art, the most exquisite transistors ever created. 
 
We expect to achieve manufacturing readiness on Intel 20A in the first half of 2024. Arrow Lake, 
our lead product on 20A, is already running Windows and demonstrating excellent functionality. 
Even more significant, we hit a critical milestone on Intel 18A with the 0.9 release of the PDK with 
imminent availability to external customers. In simple terms, the invention phase of RibbonFET 
and PowerVia is now complete and we are racing towards production-ready, industry-leading 
process technology. Our first products on Intel 18A will go into fab on schedule in the first quarter 
of 2024 with Clearwater Forest for servers, Panther Lake for client and, of course, a growing 
number of IFS test chips. We expect to achieve manufacturing readiness for Intel 18A in the 
second half of 2024, completing our incredible five-nodes-in-four-years journey on or ahead of 
schedule. 
 
While Intel 18A re-establishes transistor leadership, we are racing to increase that lead. We 
announced at Innovation our plans to lead the industry in a move to glass substrate for density, 
performance and unique optical capabilities. We also announced our plans to begin installation of 
the world’s first High-NA EUV tool for commercial use by the end of the year to continue our 
modernizations and infrastructure expansions of our Gordon Moore Park in Oregon, home of our 
Technology Development team. Moore’s Law continues to be the foundational driver of 
semiconductor technology and economics, which in turn fuels broader innovation in every 
industry across the globe. We remain committed to be good stewards of Moore’s Law and drive 
advancements until we have exhausted every element on the periodic table.  
 
Importantly, our progress on process technology is now being well-validated by third parties. We 
have made great progress with early IFS customers this quarter, which we expect to only 
accelerate with the release of the 0.9 PDK for Intel 18A. A major customer committed to Intel 18A 
and Intel 3, which includes a meaningful pre-payment that expedites and expands our capacity 
corridor for this customer. The customer is seeing particularly good power, performance and area 
efficiency in their design. This opportunity is very significant and highlights our full system 
foundry capabilities in high-performance computing, big die designs, leadership performance and 
area-efficient transistors, advanced packaging, and systems expertise.  
 
In addition, we are extremely pleased to announce today that we have signed with two additional 
18A customers.  Both are particularly focused in areas of high-performance compute and 
benefitting from power performance per unit silicon area. We have also made substantial progress 
with our next major customer and are expecting to conclude commercial contract negotiations 
before year-end.  Finally, we were also very happy to expand our growing foundry ecosystem by 
completing our strategic partnership with Synopsys in Q3, to include IP (intellectual property) for 
Intel 3 and Intel 18A for both Intel internal and external foundry customers.  
 
With the rise of AI and high-performance computing applications, our advanced packaging 
business is proving to be yet another unique advantage. We have seen a surge of interest in our 
advanced packaging from most leading AI chip companies. With capacity corridors quickly 
available, this is proving to be a significant accelerant and on-ramp for Intel foundry customers. 
During the quarter we were awarded two customer AI designs for our advanced packaging. And, 
with an additional six customers in active negotiations, we expect several more awards by year-
end. 



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

 
We have also established an important business relationship with Tower Semiconductor, utilizing 
our manufacturing assets in New Mexico, along with Tower investing capital expenditures of 
roughly $300 million for its use in this facility. This represents an important step in our foundry 
strategy – improving cash flows by utilizing our manufacturing assets over a significantly longer 
period of time.  
 
Finally, we have submitted all four of our major project proposals in Arizona, New Mexico, Ohio 
and Oregon, representing over $100 billion of U.S. manufacturing and research investments, to 
the CHIPs Program Office and are working closely with them as they review these proposals. We 
look forward to providing a deeper update on our foundry business during our planned IFS 
industry event in Q1 of 2024.  
 
We are on a mission to bring AI everywhere. We see the AI workload as a key driver of the $1 trillion 
semiconductor TAM (total addressable market) by 2030. We are empowering the market to 
seamlessly integrate and effectively run AI in all their applications. For the developer working with 
multi-trillion parameter frontier models in the cloud, Gaudi® and our suite of AI accelerators 
provides a powerful combination of performance, competitive MLPerf benchmarks and a very 
cost-efficient TCO (total cost of ownership).  
 
However, as the world moves towards more AI-integrated applications, there's a marked shift 
towards local inferencing. It's a nod to both the necessity of data privacy and an answer to cloud-
based inference costs. With AI-accelerated Xeon® for enterprise, Core Ultra™ launching the AI 
PC generation and OpenVino enabling developers seamless and versatile support for a range of 
client and edge silicon, we are bringing AI to where the data is being generated and used, rather 
than forcing it into the cloud. Our expansive footprint, spanning cloud and enterprise servers to 
volume clients and ubiquitous edge devices, positions us well to enable the AI continuum across 
all our market segments. The AI continuum enables AI everywhere. 
 
DCAI (Data Center and AI Group) exceeded our forecasts this quarter with server revenue up 
modestly sequentially. We continue to see a strong ramp of our 4th Gen Intel® Xeon® processor, 
with the world’s top-10 CSPs (cloud service providers) now in general availability and improving 
strength from MNCs (multinational corporations). During the quarter, we shipped our 1 millionth 
4th Gen Xeon unit and are on track to surpass 2 million units next month. 4th Gen Xeon includes 
powerful accelerators, demonstrating best-in-class CPU performance for AI, security and 
networking workloads.  
 
Our AI-enhanced Xeons are primed for model inferencing enabling seamless infusion of AI intro 
existing workloads. This was visible this quarter with over one-third of 4th Gen shipments directly 
related to AI applications. We are the clear leader in AI CPU results, as seen in MLCommons 
benchmarks today, and our roadmap provides significant further improvements, with Granite 
Rapids expected to deliver an additional 2 to 3x AI performance on top of our industry leading 4th 
Gen Xeon.  
 
We continue to make excellent progress with our Xeon roadmap. Our 5th Gen Intel® Xeon® 
processor, code-named Emerald Rapids, is in production and ramping to customers, and will 
officially launch on Dec. 14 in New York City. Sierra Forest, our first E-core (Efficient Core) Xeon, 
is on track for the first half of 2024, with customers well into their validation process. Sierra Forest 
will feature up to 288 E-cores targeting next-generation cloud-native workloads, delivering even 
more price performance and power efficiency for our customers. Granite Rapids, which will 
shortly follow Sierra Forest, is also well into our validation cycle with customers. 
 



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

While the industry has seen some wallet-share shifts between CPU and accelerators over the last 
several quarters, as well as some inventory burn in the server market, we see signs of 
normalization as we enter Q4, driving modest sequential TAM growth. Across most customers, 
we expect to exit the year at healthy inventory levels, and we see growth in compute cores 
returning to more normal historical rates off a depressed 2023.  More importantly, our successful 
roadmap execution is strengthening our product portfolio with Gen 4 and Gen 5 Xeon, Sierra 
Forest and Granite Rapids positioning us well to win back share in the data center.  
 
In addition, we expect to capture a growing portion of the accelerator market in 2024 with our 
suite of AI accelerators, led by Gaudi, which is setting leadership benchmark results with third 
parties like MLCommons and Hugging Face. We are pleased with the customer momentum we 
are seeing from our accelerator portfolio and Gaudi, in particular, and we have nearly doubled our 
pipeline over the last 90 days.  As we look out to 2024, like many others, we now are focused on 
having enough available supply to meet our growing demand.  
 
Dell is partnering with us to deliver Gaudi for cloud and enterprise customers, with its next-
generation PowerEdge systems, featuring Xeon and Gaudi AI accelerators, to support AI 
workloads ranging from large-scale training to inferencing at the edge. Together with Stability.ai, 
we are building one of the world’s largest AI supercomputers entirely on 4th Gen Xeon processors 
and 4,000 Intel® Gaudi®2 AI accelerators. Our Gaudi roadmap remains on track, with Gaudi®3 out 
of the fab, now in packaging and expected to launch next year. And in 2025, Falcon Shores brings 
our GPU and Gaudi capabilities into a single product.  
 
Moving to the client: CCG (Client Computing Group) delivered another strong quarter, exceeding 
expectations for the third consecutive quarter, driven by strength in commercial and consumer 
gaming SKUs, where we are delivering leadership performance. As we expected, customers 
completed their inventory burn in the first half of the year, driving solid sequential growth, which 
we expect will continue into Q4. We expect full-year 2023 PC consumption to be in line with our 
Q1 expectations of approximately 270 million units. In the near-term, we expect Windows 10 end-
of-service to be a tailwind, and we remain positive on the long-term outlook for PC TAM returning 
to plus-or-minus 300 million units.  
 
Intel continues to be a pioneer in the industry, as we ushered in the era of the AI PC in Q3, when we 
released the Intel® Core™ Ultra processor, code-named Meteor Lake. Built on Intel 4, the Intel 
Core Ultra has been shipping to customers for several weeks and will officially launch on Dec. 14, 
alongside our 5th Gen Xeon. The Ultra represents the first client chiplet design enabled by 
Foveros advanced 3D packaging technology, delivering improved power efficiency and graphics 
performance. It is also the first Intel client processor to feature our integrated neural processing 
unit, or NPU, that enables dedicated low-power compute for AI workloads. Next year, we will 
deliver Arrow Lake as well as Lunar Lake, which offers our next-gen NPU, ultra-low power mobility 
and breakthrough performance per watt. Panther Lake, our 2025 client offering, heads into the 
fab in the first quarter of 2024 on Intel 18A. 
 
The arrival of the AI PC represents an inflection point in the PC industry not seen since we first 
introduced Centrino in 2003. Centrino was so successful because of our time-to-market 
advantage, our embrace of an open ecosystem, strong OEM (original equipment manufacturers) 
partnerships, our performant silicon and our developer scale. Not only are these same advantages 
in place today, they are even stronger as we enter the age of the AI PC. We are catalyzing this 
moment with our AI PC Acceleration program with over 100 ISVs (independent software 
vendors) already participating, providing access to Intel’s deep bench of engineering talent for 
targeted software optimization, core development tools and go-to-market opportunities. We are 



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

encouraged and motivated by our partners and competitors who see the tremendous growth 
potential of the PC market.  
 
NEX (Network and Edge Group) is also seeing early signs of the benefits from growing AI use 
cases. Our FNIC (fiber channel network interface controller) and IPU (infrastructure processing 
unit) businesses are well suited to support the high I/O bandwidth required by AI workloads in the 
data center, with growth expected to accelerate for both in 2024.  Additionally at the edge, as part 
of Intel’s focus on every aspect of the AI continuum, NEX launched OpenVINO 2023.1, the latest 
version of the AI inferencing and deployment runtime of choice for developers on client and edge 
platforms – with ai.io and Fit:match demonstrating how they use OpenVINO to accelerate their 
applications at our Innovation conference. We have leadership developer-software toolchains that 
have seen a doubling of developer engagement this year. While NEX entered their inventory 
correction after client and DCAI, Q3 results beat our internal forecasts and grew sequentially. We 
see continued signs of stabilization heading into Q4. 
 
Finally, our Smart Capital strategy underpins our relentless drive for efficiency and our 
commitment to be great allocators of our owner’s capital, while consistently looking for innovative 
ways to unlock value for all our stakeholders. We remain on track to reducing costs by $3 billion in 
2023, and we continue to see significant incremental opportunities for operational improvement, 
as we execute on our internal foundry model. In addition, in Q3, we made the decision to divest the 
pluggable module portion of our silicon photonics business, allowing us to focus on the higher-
value component business and optical I/O solutions to enable AI infrastructure scaling.  This 
marks the 10th business we have exited in the last two-and-a-half years, generating $1.8 billion in 
annual savings and a testament to our efforts to optimize our portfolio and drive long-term value 
creation.  
 
Mobileye’s solid Q3 and Q4 outlook continue to underscore the benefits of increased autonomy 
afforded by our initial public offering last year.  In addition, we added TSMC as a minority investor 
in our IMS Nanofabrication business in Q3, and earlier this month we announced our plans to 
operate PSG (Programmable Solutions Group) as a standalone business beginning Jan. 1. Similar 
to MBLY and IMS, this decision gives PSG the mandate, focus and resources to better capitalize 
on their growth opportunities. We plan to report PSG results as a stand-alone segment in Q1, to 
bring in private investors in 2024 and to create a path to an initial public offering over the next two 
to three years.          
 
In summary, we continue to deliver tangible progress two-and-a-half years into our transformation 
journey. We are on track with five nodes in four years. We are hitting or beating all our product 
roadmap milestones. We are establishing ourselves as a global at-scale system foundry for both 
wafer processing and advanced packaging. We are unlocking new growth opportunities fueled by 
AI. And we are driving financial discipline and operational efficiencies as we continue to unlock 
value for our shareholders. While we are encouraged by our progress to date, we know we have 
much more work in front of us as we continue to relentlessly drive forward with our strategy, 
maintain our execution momentum and deliver our commitments to our customers. I’d like to 
personally thank the Intel family for all their efforts.  
 
Dave Zinsner, Intel chief financial officer (bio): 
 
We delivered another strong quarter financially on top of outstanding execution on our product 
and process roadmaps as we continue to drive our IDM2.0 transformation. We beat our guidance 
across revenue, gross margin and EPS. While we continue to monitor economic indicators and 
geo-political risks, we are pleased with the momentum and health of our business and will 



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

continue to focus on prioritizing our investments, prudently and aggressively managing near-term 
expenses, and driving fundamental improvements to our cost structure longer term.   
 
Third quarter revenue was $14.2 billion, up 9% sequentially and $750 million above the midpoint 
of our guidance.  Revenue exceeded our expectations across all major lines of business. Gross 
margin was 45.8%, 280 basis points better than our guidance, driven by higher revenue and ASPs 
(average selling prices) and better sell-through of previously reserved inventory.   
 
EPS (earnings per share) for the quarter was $0.41, beating guidance by $0.21, as our revenue 
strength, improving gross margins and disciplined OpEx management resulted in sequential EPS 
growth of $0.28.  
 
Q3 operating cash flow was $5.8 billion, up $3 billion sequentially. Net inventory was down $500 
million, or seven days in the quarter. We also significantly improved the linearity of our shipments, 
which brought DSO (days sales outstanding) down by five days. In total, our working capital 
improvement initiatives have yielded more than $2 billion of cash year to date. 
 
Net CapEx (capital expenditures) was $4.9 billion, resulting in positive adjusted free cash flow of 
approximately $950 million, and we paid dividends of a half-billion dollars in the quarter.   
 
In Q3 we announced the sale of 10% of our IMS Nanofabrication business to TSMC, following the 
investment from Bain Capital in June. When combined with the Mobileye IPO, these transactions 
have unlocked more than $30 billion of value. Earlier this month, we signaled our intent to pursue 
private investment and ultimately an IPO for our PSG business, as we continue to pursue 
opportunities to increase value for our shareholders.  
 
Moving to third-quarter business unit results. CCG delivered revenue of $7.9 billion, up 16% 
sequentially and ahead of our expectations for the third consecutive quarter. Customer inventory 
levels are healthy, and the market remains on track to our January consumption TAM signal of 
roughly 270 million units for 2023. CCG’s operating profit doubled sequentially to $2.1 billion on 
higher revenue, sell-through of reserved inventory and stronger ASPs driven by strength in our 
commercial and gaming products in the quarter.  
 
DCAI revenue was $3.8 billion, ahead of our internal forecast. Despite continued unit TAM 
softness, the Xeon business was up sequentially, with MNC customers showing a better-than-
seasonal recovery in the quarter. Favorable customer mix, along with strong adoption of newer 
products with higher core density, led to record Xeon ASPs in Q3. Despite sequential revenue 
decline, DCAI returned to profitability and contributed operating profit of $71 million, improving 
sequentially on better ASPs, reduced factory underload charges and continued spending 
discipline.    
 
Within DCAI, revenue for the Programmable Solutions Group declined mid-teens percent 
sequentially. As we discussed earlier this month, after a period of strong growth and tight supply, 
the FPGA business is entering a period of inventory burn. We expect PSG to decline in Q4 and be 
depressed for the next few quarters, as customers work through inventory, before returning to a 
more normalized run rate and growth.  
 
NEX revenue was $1.5 billion, up 6% sequentially. Edge markets showed signs of recovery in Q3, 
leading NEX revenue to exceed our expectations. Network and telco markets continue to work 
through elevated inventory and weak demand, which we expect to persist through the end of the 
year. NEX also returned to profitability in Q3 with operating profit of $17 million, up $200 million 
sequentially, on stronger revenue and reduced operating expenses.   



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

 
Intel Foundry Services revenue was $311 million, growing 4x year over year and 34% sequentially 
on increased packaging revenue and higher sales of IMS tools. IFS operating loss was $86 million, 
as ramping factory and operating expenses offset stronger revenue in the period.   
 
Mobileye continues to perform well.  Q3 revenue was $530 million, up 18% year over year and 17% 
sequentially, with operating profit of $170 million on a consolidated basis, up 32% sequentially. 
This morning, Mobileye increased their fiscal-year 2023 outlook for adjusted operating income by 
7% at the midpoint.  
 
Q3 represented another outstanding quarter of cross-company spending discipline and focused 
portfolio management, with operating expenses down 15% year over year.  While we are on track 
to achieve $3 billion of total spending reductions in 2023, we expect sequentially higher OpEx 
(operating expenses) in Q4 due to seasonal marketing activities, higher profit dependent 
compensation and the end of some temporary austerity measures taken earlier in the year. We 
also had a one-time credit in Q3 associated with an asset sale, which will impact the sequential 
comparison in Q4. 
 
Now turning to Q4 guidance. We expect fourth quarter revenue of $14.6 billion to $15.6 billion, 
delivering on our January commitment to grow revenue sequentially throughout 2023.  In the 
client business, we are encouraged by the return of historical purchasing cycles, as our channel 
checks, partner feedback and ASPs all point to healthy inventory levels and growing demand. We 
expect moderate sequential growth from DCAI, with Xeon strength more than offsetting a decline 
in PSG, and continued recovery in edge markets roughly offsetting persistent network weakness.   
 
At the revenue midpoint of $15.1 billion, we expect gross margin to flow through at approximately 
60% of revenue growth, resulting in Q4 gross margin of approximately 46.5% with a tax rate of 
13% and EPS of $0.44. 
We continue to operate under our Smart Capital framework. In Q3 we received a capital grant 
from the State of Ohio and our first foundry pre-pay.  In addition, we continue to work with the U.S. 
CHIPs office on their review of our four U.S. applications, and we continue to work with Germany, 
Poland and the European Commission on our planned expansions in Europe. There are no 
changes to our prior forecast of mid-30s percent net capital intensity across 2023 and 2024 in 
aggregate. Capital offsets will trend towards the higher end of our 20% to 30% range in that 
timeframe, though we do expect the vast majority of those offsets to land in 2024.   
 
In closing, Q3 was Intel’s strongest quarter since we began our transformation. We achieved 
significant milestones toward regaining process leadership on Intel 18A, delivered Meteor Lake 
and Emerald Rapids on time, secured multiple wafer and advanced packaging foundry customers, 
and delivered another quarter of financial results that exceeded our expectations on both the top 
and bottom lines. We will continue to make significant investments as we execute the IDM2.0 
strategy, and we remain confident and committed to our long-term financial targets. We are 
participating in a large and growing semiconductor TAM, our foundry and AI assets are showing 
great momentum in the market, we are steadily closing structural cost gaps, and we continue to 
make progress toward delivering the financial returns that we, and our owners, expect.  
 
Closing – Pat Gelsinger, Intel chief executive officer:  
 
I wanted to reiterate that our thoughts continue to be with our resilient Intel team in Israel and with 
everyone in the region impacted by recent events. I also want to thank everyone who joined us 
today. We always appreciate the opportunity to update you on our progress and to answer your 
questions. We are excited about the momentum we are seeing across our business and, 



 

CEO/CFO Earnings Call Comments 

especially, the strong confirmation our foundry strategy received this quarter from our growing 
external customer base.  
 
We look forward to seeing many of you in New York in December as we celebrate the launch of 
both the Emerald Rapids and Meteor Lake families of processors, and hope all of you plan to join 
us in Q1 at our IFS Day.  

About Intel 
Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) is an industry leader, creating world-changing technology that enables global progress and enriches 
lives. Inspired by Moore’s Law, we continuously work to advance the design and manufacturing of semiconductors to help 
address our customers’ greatest challenges. By embedding intelligence in the cloud, network, edge and every kind of 
computing device, we unleash the potential of data to transform business and society for the better. To learn more about 
Intel’s innovations, go to newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. 
© Intel Corporation. Intel, the Intel logo, and other Intel marks are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries.  Other 
names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.