The Procter & Gamble 
Company NYSE:PG
Earnings Call
Wednesday, January 22, 2025 1:30 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 7

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o5b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Jon R. Moeller Piper Sandler & Co., Research
President, CEO & Chairman of the Division
Board

Lauren Rae Lieberman
ANALYSTS Barclays Bank PLC, Research

Division
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Linda Ann Bolton-Weiser
Division D.A. Davidson & Co., Research

Division
Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Research Division Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,

Incorporated, Research Division
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division Olivia Tong Cheang

Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Christopher Michael Carey Research Division
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division Peter K. Grom

UBS Investment Bank, Research
Dara Warren Mohsenian Division
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Edward James Lewis TD Cowen, Research Division
Redburn (Europe) Limited,
Research Division Robert Edward Ottenstein

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Filippo Falorni Research Division
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Kaumil S. Gajrawala Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Jefferies LLC, Research Division Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
BNP Paribas Exane, Research
Division

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good morning, and welcome to Procter & Gamble's Quarter-End Conference Call. Today's event is being
recorded for replay.
This discussion will include a number of forward-looking statements. If you will refer to P&G's most recent
10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports, you will see a discussion of factors that could cause the company's actual
results to differ materially from these projections.
As required by Regulation G, Procter & Gamble needs to make you aware that during the discussion, the
company will make a number of references to non-GAAP and other financial measures. Procter & Gamble
believes these measures provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business trends and has
posted on its Investor Relations website, www.pginvestor.com, a full reconciliation of non-GAAP financial
measures.
Now I will turn the call over to P&G's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Good morning. Joining me on the call today are Jon Moeller, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer; and John Chevalier, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. I'll start with an overview
of second quarter results. Jon will add perspective on our results and strategy, and we'll close with
guidance for fiscal '25 and then take your questions.
Second quarter results were largely in line with our going-in expectations, despite a high degree of
volatility within the quarter, ultimately, acceleration in organic sales growth, EPS growth, strong cash
return to share owners.
Organic sales for the quarter grew 3%. Volume contributed 2 points to organic sales growth, mix added
1 point and pricing was roughly in line with prior year. The top line results were better than anticipated
in early December. Our team was able to fully overcome the 2-week outage of our global transportation
management system provider and support strong late December customer orders, ahead of early January
merchandising events.
Growth was broad-based across categories, with 9 of 10 product categories growing organic sales for the
quarter. Family Care was up double digits. Home Care and Skin and Personal Care were up mid-singles.
Personal Health Care, Hair Care, Oral Care, Feminine Care, Fabric Care and Grooming grew low single
digits. Baby Care was down low singles.
Organic sales in Focus Markets grew 4%, and Enterprise Markets were in line with prior year.
Organic sales in North America grew 4%, driven by 4 points of volume growth. Over the last 6 quarters,
North America has grown organic sales 7%, 5%, 3%, 4%, 4% and now again 4% on volume growth of
3% to 4% each quarter. The region delivered broad-based market share growth this quarter with 8 of 10
categories holding or growing volume share and 8 of 10 categories holding or growing value share.
Europe Focus Markets organic sales were up 4%, driven by 4 points of volume growth. Over the last 6
quarters, Europe Focus Markets have grown organic sales on average 6% on volume growth of 3%.
Latin America and European Enterprise Markets each grew low single digits, and the Asia, Middle East and
Africa region declined low singles.
Greater China organic sales declined 3%. While down versus prior year, this is a solid step forward in our
second largest market from a 15% decline last quarter. Notably, SK-II in Greater China grew 5%, with
strong growth during the 11/11 key consumption period and modest growth in travel retail. Underlying
market conditions remain soft, and we are trending back toward growth in Greater China.
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Global aggregate value share was in line with prior year, with 28 of our top 50 category country
combinations holding or growing share for the quarter.
On the bottom line, core earnings per share were $1.88, up 2% versus prior year. On a currency neutral
basis, core EPS increased 3%. The quarter included roughly $0.02 per share of incremental costs to
manage through the transportation services disruption, almost entirely in cost of goods sold.
While gross margin was down 30 basis points and core operating margin declined 80 basis points,
currency neutral core operating margin decreased 50 basis points. The quarter included strong
productivity improvement of 260 basis points.
Adjusted free cash flow productivity was 84%. We returned over $4.9 billion of cash to shareowners this
quarter, $2.4 billion in dividends and $2.5 billion in share repurchases.
To summarize results, accelerating organic sales growth, solid core EPS growth and cash return to
shareowners, keeping us on track to deliver within our fiscal year guidance ranges, overall good
performance in what continues to be a challenging economic and geopolitical environment.
Over to Jon.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Thanks, Andre. Our team continues to execute our strategy with excellence, enabling strong results
over the past 6-plus years, pre-COVID, during COVID, through historic inflationary and pricing cycle and
through geopolitical tensions.
We've now delivered 26 consecutive quarters of 2% or better organic sales growth, averaging 5.5%
organic sales growth over those 6.5 years. We've now delivered 8.5 fiscal years of 2% or better core
earnings per share growth, averaging nearly 8% over that period.
This is the type of long-term, sorry, turning my page here, balanced top and bottom line growth we strive
to deliver, solid, consistent growth over time.
As we expected heading into the fiscal year, first half results were below the guidance ranges we set
for the full year. And while recent consumer trends and FX rates make the balance of the year more
challenging, we continue to expect stronger results in the second half. Andre will discuss this more in the
guidance update.
We remain committed to the integrated strategy that has enabled our strong results, and that is the
foundation for balanced growth and value creation. We highlighted many of the reasons we're confident in
the strategy at our Investor Day in November. If you weren't able to attend, I encourage you to listen to
the replay on our IR website.
To recap, we remain very disciplined in our portfolio choices, including some moves over the past year to
strengthen our ability to generate U.S. dollar-based returns. We're doubling down on superiority across all
5 vectors. No single vector superiority can carry the day itself. It's all 5 together.
The innovation plans to create and extend superiority across the business are very strong. And we
continue to leverage recent innovations by driving more trial and household penetration.
A few examples. Charmin Smooth Tear with its patented scalloped edge, the biggest innovation in toilet
paper in 100 years, continues to drive Charmin volume and value share growth in the U.S.
We were first to launch the whole body deodorant sprays now across the Old Spice, Secret and Native
brands. And we continue to drive trial in the growing segment -- in this growing segment of the category.
P&G U.S. deodorant volume and value share are each up nearly 1 point over the last year.
Dawn Powerwash continues to drive market share, up more than 1 point in the U.S. market after nearly 3
years in the market. Swiffer PowerMop has become the largest innovation on Swiffer's history, contributing
to 40% growth of the brand portfolio and driving a remarkable 35% growth in the category.
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

We've launched our most advanced power toothbrush, Oral-B iO 10 early last year. We followed up with
iO 2, the first iO designed to help consumers trade up from a manual toothbrush to a power brush. Early
results in the U.S. are very encouraging, and we're expanding iO 2 across major markets over the next
several months.
We just launched our best-ever whitening toothpaste, Crest 3DWhite Deep Stain Remover. The new
formula works in just 1 day to dissolve the bonds that lock stains to your teeth and better prevent stains
from occurring. The early trial period for deep stain remover is off to a great start.
We're expanding Zevo, our insect killing sprays, mosquito and tick repellents and insect traps, with worry-
free ingredients inspired by plants' natural defenses against bugs. We're building distribution and trial and
receiving very strong consumer ratings and reviews.
Tide OXI Boost Power PODS have just launched online with a great response from retailers and customers.
OXI Boost includes 2x the OXI power to provide Tide's most powerful clean. OXI Boost Power PODS will be
available in stores soon, and we'll be following up quickly with additional innovations in laundry detergents
and fabric enhancers.
Finally, Tide evo, our new laundry detergent developed on our breakthrough functional fibers platform,
continues to exceed expectations in our Colorado test market, surpassing our year 1 performance goals in
just the first 12 weeks after launch. We're progressing through the last phase of supply chain readiness,
and we'll be assessing our expansion plans in the coming months.
There are many more examples we could share considering the next 6 months of innovations across
Tide, Gain, Downy, Febreze, Dawn, Cascade, Mr. Clean, Pampers, Luvs. Tampax, Always, Always Discreet,
Bounty, Old Spice, Crest, Gillette and Venus brands. And that's just in the U.S. I hope you can see this is
one reason we're confident in our prospects going forward.
We're Improving productivity in all areas of our operations to fuel investments in superiority, mitigate
cost and currency headwinds and drive margin expansion. We've extended our visibility to productivity
improvement, with each business unit building 3-year cost savings master plans, mirroring what we've
done for years in our innovation program.
We're driving constructive disruption of ourselves and our industry, a willingness to change, adapt and
create new trends, technologies and capabilities that will shape the future of our industry and extend our
competitive advantage.
We've designed and continue to refine and strengthen P&G's organization structure, so that it enables
P&G people to be fully empowered, agile and accountable, focused on business outcomes to deliver the
greatest value creation.
We call this an integrated strategy for a reason. Each part of the strategy needs to be delivered. It's not
a menu to pick and choose from. Each element is incredibly important. The real advantage comes from
being able to do all of these things at the same time. The strategy is inherently dynamic. It adapts to the
changing needs of consumers, customers and society. It demands that we not sit still.
We continue to believe our best path forward is to double down on this integrated strategy, operating with
a focus on driving market growth, creating business versus taking business, to deliver balanced top and
bottom line growth and value creation.
With that, I'll hand it back to Andre to discuss guidance.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Jon. So with half of the fiscal year complete, our guidance ranges for fiscal '25 are unchanged
and remain consistent with our long-term algorithm. We've highlighted we continue to expect the
environment around us to remain volatile and challenging from input costs to currencies, to consumer,
competitor, retailer and geopolitical dynamics.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

On the top line, we are maintaining our organic sales growth guidance in the range of 3% to 5%. We
continue to expect the markets in which we compete to deliver local currency sales growth in the range of
3% to 4% for the year. And our objective remains to grow organic sales modestly ahead of the underlying
growth of these markets.
On the bottom line, our core EPS guidance range for fiscal '25 remains a growth of 5% to 7% versus fiscal
'24 core EPS of $6.59. This guidance equates to a range of $6.91 to $7.05 per share.
Our outlook for commodity costs remains consistent with our most recent guidance, expecting a
commodity cost headwind of approximately $200 million after tax, which equates to a headwind of $0.08
per share for fiscal '25.
Since last earnings, foreign exchange rates have moved sharply against us. We are now expecting a
headwind of approximately $300 million after tax, which equates to a headwind of $0.12 per share for
fiscal '25.
We continue to expect lower nonoperating income benefit this fiscal year and a somewhat higher tax rate
versus the prior year. Combined, these additional headwinds amount to $0.10 to $0.12 to core EPS, on top
of the commodities and FX headwinds I mentioned.
With projected softer market growth and stronger foreign exchange headwinds, we currently have good
visibility towards the lower end of the top and bottom line guidance ranges. However, we will continue to
push all levers in our control to offset these headwinds that are largely not in our control.
We expect adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% for the year. And we have plans to pay around $10
billion in dividends and to repurchase $6 billion to $7 billion in common stock combined to returning $16
billion to $17 billion of cash to shareowners for the fiscal year.
This outlook is based on current market growth estimates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates.
Significant additional currency weakness, commodity cost increases, geopolitical disruptions, major supply
chain disruptions or store closures are not anticipated within the guidance ranges.
Now I'll hand it over to Jon for closing thoughts.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
We're very pleased with the results P&G people have delivered in a very challenging and volatile
environment, a good first half of the year and a stronger outlook for the second half.
We remain focused on excellent execution of our integrated dynamic market constructive strategy, aimed
at delivering balanced top and bottom line growth and value creation, starting with a commitment to
deliver irresistibly superior propositions to consumers and retailers.
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
I just wanted to drill down a bit more short term into organic sales growth for the back half of the year,
given some of the volatility over the last year. You've talked historically about the OSG split between the
robust 85% in country mix versus a lagging 15% the last few quarters.
Can you just give us a bit of update on the performance in fiscal Q2 in each of those buckets? Do you
think you're on track for continued improvement in the 15% in the back half of the year as you look
versus Q2 and also just sustainability of growth in 85%, that's stronger, presumably driven by the U.S.
and Europe?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Dara, thanks for the question. I'll take a crack at it. And Jon, you'll jump in. So if you look at quarter 2
and I apply the same logic that we've been using to explain the divergence of the majority of the business
versus some of the tougher markets, 85% of the business, so comprising of the U.S., Europe, Latin
America -- the Latin America and Europe Enterprise Markets, that 85% continues to grow at around 4%.
What has improved is the 15%. So the performance of the balance of the markets, mainly the Asia, Middle
East, Africa markets, but a significant improvement in Greater China. So China was down 15% organic
sales in quarter 1 and was down, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, only 3% in quarter 2. So we
see encouraging momentum towards recovery and hopefully more neutral picture as we go into half 2.
That's exactly what we're expecting as we go into the second half of the year. We expect the U.S. to
continue to grow at the pace that we've seen in quarter 2 and quarter 1. We expect some increased
momentum across Europe and Latin America, specifically as comps ease versus the base period.
And with that, if we are combining, hopefully, a little bit stronger growth in North America, easier comps
in Europe, LA and Asia, Middle East, Africa, and if China continues to move towards a more neutral
contribution to sales growth, that would actually allow us to be at the midpoint of organic sales growth
guidance, maybe a little bit higher.
Conversely, if we saw weakening across some of the core markets of North America and Europe or we
saw China returning to more negative territory, that would move us to the lower end or slightly below the
current organic sales growth guidance.
Our base case, Dara, to summarize, continued strong performance, around 4% in the 85% of the
business, continued recovery on the 15%.
Operator
The next question will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
So Andre, I think you were kind of running through projected performance for P&G's business. But I was
hoping you could also comment on what you're seeing in terms of consumer behavior and dynamics.
I think in December, you guys have flagged a little bit of a softening in the consumer environment in the
U.S. as a maybe it's something that sticks, maybe it doesn't. But would just love to get a read on that.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

And same in Europe, sort of the consumer dynamic, not just your own performance and market share
trajectory.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. Lauren, generally, I would describe the consumer in our categories, which are, again,
nondiscretionary and very focused on performance as stable. In Europe, specifically, the market continues
to grow at around 4% in Focus Markets and in double digits actually in Enterprise Markets.
Our ability to continue to grow ahead of that, I think, is visible in the volume share numbers. We are
growing volume share, about 50 basis points in Focus Markets and 60 basis points in Enterprise Markets.
Inflation is down in Europe to about 2%, and we see a relatively stable environment, which we expect to
continue going into half 2. And we are investing in strong innovation in half 2 to benefit from that stable
consumer environment.
In the U.S., the current quarter has been a bit more volatile in terms of phasing of consumption. We saw
very strong consumption in October, driven by hurricanes and by port strikes, easing off a little bit in
October -- in November and then coming back in December.
So it was volatile, but when I step back, I would characterize the situation very similarly to the European
consumer, stable in our categories. Market growth continues to be around 4%. Volume growth continues
to be around 3%.
And again, our job is to encourage consumption in our categories with strong innovation and
communication, which we're doing and continue to do across half 2.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
The only thing I would add to Andre's comments is in terms of reflecting on consumer behavior. We're also
seeing continued flat to declining private label shares in both the United States and in Europe. So that,
again, is relatively reassuring in terms of the stable consumer that Andre rightly referred to.
Operator
The next question will come from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
I guess, Andre, I'm a little surprised that your currency outlook as it relates to the impacts on the top line
didn't move off the negative 1% call you had in place as of October, even as the after-tax profit impact
stepped up by the $300 million.
So maybe you could just talk about any key moving parts there and whether you've assumed further
currency movements or if the full year now could have effectively assumed spot rates as we've seen in the
last few weeks.
And then relatedly, I guess, I'd love a little bit more discussion of the productivity and pricing levers you
have available to you as an offset to those dynamics and whether you see any limitations to implementing
them over the balance of the year.
I'm asking that in the context that historically, 3Q, 4Q gross margins stepped down sequentially. So I think
your guidance has seen some fairly strong operating leverage over the balance of the year in SG&A, but
just wanted to see if you could clarify those moving parts.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Steve, I think we'll -- we are forecasting right now at spot rates as we always do, both on the P&L side
and the organic sales growth side. And Europe, we'll see -- we're seeing high volatility in currencies,
obviously, that are moving on a daily basis based on commentary. So we'll reserve our ability to update
here. But for now, we're reflecting spot rates.
The impact of foreign exchange rate will mostly hit in the second half. So we saw a lot of the commodity
impact in the first half, and the corresponding impact of FX will be mostly in half 2. That is built into our
guidance logic that we've communicated. Our ability to deal with foreign exchange as with any headwind
is a combination of productivity, which we feel very good about for the year across all productivity buckets.
So we're confident in our $1.5 billion productivity guidance on cost of goods sold and the $2 billion
guidance overall, including SG&A and pricing levers.
Pricing is probably most pronounced in Enterprise Markets, where we see strong foreign exchange rate
exposure, but it's going to be a combination of both. All of that is baked in, in our guidance commentary.
But again, we'll watch this closely because there's a lot of volatility in this, as you know.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Just on pricing, Steve, the -- our business model is, hopefully, was reflected again. And my comments this
morning is heavily innovation based. It's at the heart of everything we do, and that's the primary enabler
of modest amounts of pricing as we move forward.
If you look at our history, again, as a source of potential confidence in our ability to continue to execute
modest amounts of pricing, even as Andre said, in the Focus Markets, pricing has been a neutral or a
positive contributor to our top line growth for 19 of the last 20 years and for 54 of the last 57 quarters.
Andre mentioned we have very strong second half innovation programs across markets. And so that
should enable us to continue to put some upward pressure on the top line. Again, modest, but we're in a
pretty good position with all of that innovation.
Operator
The next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division
So just a question or maybe 2 on China. One, just the 3% in the quarter, just how did Chinese New Year's
impact that? So I guess, is that kind of reflective of consumption? Or is there any timing shift shipment
versus consumption?
And then maybe just more broadly, Jon, the market is changing. And does it create opportunities? Are you
looking now to kind of use your position as a position of strength and expand in China while the market is
soft? Just curious if the change in the marketplace at all has changed the way you're thinking about the
market strategically.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Do you want to answer the first part?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
I can. Bryan, so I think the China results are not impacted by heavy phasing. Within the quarter, there
was phasing in China on the timing of preshipments for 11/11, but that kind of evened out across the
quarter.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

So the progress is really what we had anticipated. We're getting into easier comps, part of that. Part of
that is SK-II is returning to growth in China at 5%, which is encouraging to see. And the last point I'll
make is on the core brands, we're making progress.
We are innovating on Hair Care across Pantene, Head & Shoulders. We're innovating on Fabric Care. We're
innovating on Olay, and that is driving progress. We are carefully investing in the fastest growing channel
in Douyin to ensure that we create value there, but that allows us to now grow share in that channel.
And the last element is I think the go-to-market interventions that we've made. We talked about in the
last call where we improved our collaboration and synchronization with our core distributors is paying
dividends.
So all of that is moving in the right direction. I want to be clear, I don't think China is out of the woods.
This will continue to be difficult. It will continue to be volatile. As reflected in my guidance commentary,
that volatility can drive us to the midpoint or the lower end of the guidance. And so we don't want to get
ahead of ourselves, but it's good to see the trends going more positive.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And you make a very, very good point on taking advantage of significant change that's occurring in the
marketplace, both with regard to consumer behavior and with regard to customer behavior and channels.
And we intend to do exactly as you described, which is to take advantage of those changes.
One of the -- there are a couple of things that I just want to bring a little bit more focus to that are very,
very important. One is if you look at our distributor channels largely feeding the wholesale market and
smaller grocery stores, they were being paid based on total P&G business, and we've changed that.
So they're now being paid by category. So they have to deliver against each of the categories that we
have products in, in order to be fully compensated. That might not seem like a big deal. That's a big deal.
It changes behavior significantly.
We've also moved -- we've taken advantage of all the changes that are going on to move our China
operations even closer to, for example, how we manage things in the U.S. or focus Europe in terms of
end-to-end, meaning that the categories own everything from the front end of innovation all the way
through to the customer discussions. And that wasn't fully the case, say, 2 years ago, even a year ago. So
those are big changes.
The third big change is really reoriented the conversation that we're having internally and externally with
our customers to one of market growth and demonstrating how we can be the biggest driver -- their
strongest partners in driving that market growth, which is something that everyone wants badly.
So that's another example of taking advantage of the current situation to become even stronger and
more relevant to our customers. So thanks for asking that question. I think it's an excellent one, and it's
something we're very much focused on.
Operator
Your next question will come from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter K. Grom
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
I wanted to get just some perspective on the input cost environment. I recognize you maintained your
outlook for the $200 million after-tax headwind, but we've seen some volatility across some of your key
raw materials over the past few months.
So Andre, can you maybe just give us or unpack what you're seeing or expecting across your key cost
buckets? And then just kind of looking at the first half impact on the full year guidance, you kind of alluded

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

to this in Steve's question. Are you anticipating input cost deflation in the back half of the year when we
think about our gross margin bridge?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Input costs for us, obviously you can appreciate, is a wide variety of different materials and commodities.
What I'll tell you, which I think is most relevant for what you're after is, any variation that we see now
versus what we already incurred in half 1, which is the majority of the $200 million impact that we are
talking about, will likely not hit the current year P&L.
Because of variance holding and because of our contract structures, any major deviation in terms of oil
prices outside of maybe transportation will impact half 1 of next fiscal year. Most of our materials and
commodities will impact the first half of next fiscal year.
So we feel relatively good about that end of the equation because it provides stability for the second half
where more of the volatility is, is again in foreign exchange rates.
That doesn't mean we don't look at our input costs carefully because as we said, we need to get ready to
deal with it in the first half of next fiscal year, which then comes to Jon's point on appropriately developing
pricing plans with innovation, productivity programs, et cetera. But the variability in the current year, we
believe, is going to be limited.
Operator
Our next question will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
If we step back from the tone on the first quarter and then now the second quarter fiscal in regards to the
range of guidance for both organic and EPS growth, is it fair to say you're feeling a bit better about getting
to the midpoint on the top line, but EPS more pressured, given the increased headwinds in FX?
I just want to understand how it changed. And then if so, if any changes, it seems like your productivity
is coming in or even your operating leverage is coming in better than anticipated or better than feared, if
you will?
And related to that, just a clarification about the disruptions you called out in December in one of your
suppliers. I've been getting questions regarding there is anything in terms of sell-in, sell-out. I understand
there wasn't anything material in the quarter, either like catching up to that or anything that we should be
aware of into the fiscal third quarter.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Andrea, so related to guidance, what I'd tell you is what I mentioned in the prepared remarks, right? At
the moment, when we -- when you look at foreign exchange rate, you look at what we've delivered in
the front half of the year, we would say we have good visibility and confidence to the lower end of the
guidance range, both on organic sales growth and on core EPS.
That doesn't mean that we don't have a shot at delivering the middle of the range. And as I said, if we
continue to make good progress in China, if we continue to see some easing of the tensions in the Middle
East and, therefore, business picks up, if Europe and North America continue to deliver, we have a good
shot at the top line around the midpoint of the range and corresponding EPS. But at the moment, I would
point you to the lower end.
On transportation management system interruption, look, we wanted to give you guys visibility to what
we were seeing. We -- when we experienced the disruption, we saw a backlog of orders building up that
would have been worth about 60 to 70 basis points of the quarter. And we had assumed at that point that

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

we would get rid of half of that backlog through intense work by the team to operate a backup solution
and get us back on the main operating system.
The team did way better. They were able to not only work through the full backlog and get us back on the
operating system faster. They were also able to then process strong orders in late December.
There is no impact quarter-over-quarter driven by the transportation management system outage. So no
unusual effect to consider there. Just great work by the team to get us through this without any impact on
the quarter.
Operator
The next question will come from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Just first, a clarification on China, and apologies if I missed it, but I know that you're doing better, your
brands are doing better, SK-II's doing better. But just wanted to get any commentary on the Chinese
consumer, the health of the Chinese consumer as the quarter developed and then into January. So just a
follow-up on that.
And then my main question is on innovation this year. You sound more upbeat, positive on this and excited
in terms of what you're bringing out in calendar 2025. Is there any way to quantify that versus prior
years? Any way to think whether it's incremental shelf space or the expected impact of the business on
the top and bottom line, so that we can kind of try to model that?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Thanks, Robert. From a Chinese consumer standpoint, as Andre intimated in some of his commentary, it's
still a challenge. So that really hasn't changed significantly.
There are signs, though, of some improvement. What am I talking about? So for example, if we just look
at the number of Chinese travelers to Korea and Japan, it's up pretty significantly quarter-on-quarter. We
actually see that reflected in our SK-II business in those countries. So that would indicate more confidence
and a willingness to spend.
The growth of SK-II itself, and actually consumption growth on that business is a little bit ahead of even
our shipment growth, is an indication of confidence. That's, as you know, a very premium price product.
But the broad swath of society is not confident and is still struggling. And that's why Andre says we're not
out of the woods. I agree with that statement and that it will take some time still to get to dependable
growth in China.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
And the best data we have, Robert, to confirm what Jon was describing, past 3 months market in our
categories in dollar terms is down 5%. Past 12 months was down 5%. So macroconsumer environment,
pretty much stable, but not positive.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Relative to innovation, I don't have a numerical ability to describe the strength of our -- the innovation
that's coming to market over the next 6 months, vis-a-vis year ago.
But we are relatively -- we have gained confidence in that program in part because of what we're seeing in
the marketplace and what we're seeing in terms of consumer response to, for example, the Tide evo test

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

market in Colorado. Again, we've delivered -- what we expected to deliver in the first year, we've delivered
in 12 weeks.
We're looking at the continued growth of some of our premium innovations in terms of household
penetration and market share. I went through a litany of those examples earlier.
And then, of course, there are some things that I'm not at liberty to talk about. But in general, your
observation in terms of, as you describe, excitement or confidence in our innovation program is strong.
Operator
Our next question will come from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division
I guess, thinking about your guidance this year. If your organic sales come in at the lower end, as
you kind of touched on, if trends decelerate further and thinking about gross margin tailwinds likely
moderating this year, curious how much flexibility you have to deliver on your EPS guidance range.
And then in the context of that, do you see a potential that you might need to lower your reinvestment
levels to deliver on your bottom line guidance? Any color on just how to think about your ability to
continue to reinvest in your business?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Bonnie, when we went through the years with really significant headwinds in terms of currency,
commodities and FX, and I'm talking there about a 50%, 5-0, reduction in our profit over a 2-year
period because of those items, we increased our spending on innovation, we increased our spending on
commercialization of that innovation, and we grew earnings modestly. So that's our mindset.
And I just described a strong innovation pipeline. We will fully support that pipeline. And frankly, I don't
think it will, but if that means that we come in a little bit lower, then that's what we need to accept. And
we'll be very transparent and clear about that if that were to be the case.
Currently, it's not. But we're going to continue to invest in both innovation and commercialization of that
innovation.
Operator
The next question will come from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
I want to talk a little more color on the Enterprise Market business. You talked about Europe Enterprise
Market still growing solidly. Maybe can you give a little more color on Latin America? How is the consumer
general health there in key countries like Brazil and Mexico?
And then on the Middle East, you're starting to cycle easier comps. Is your expectation of a return to
growth in the second half of '25?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Filippo, LA in aggregate delivered 3% growth in this quarter on a base of 17%. So quite impressive base
period and continued growth across the markets.
If you look at the consumers, I would describe Mexico as more difficult right now, but we are making good
progress. And I have great confidence in the half 2 plans that we are executing.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

And the same is true for Brazil. So my expectation would be an acceleration in Latin America, partially
driven by the base becoming a little bit easier, but also given strong plans across those core markets.
Europe Enterprise Markets were up 1 point in the quarter on a base of 8% growth. Encouragingly, we are
growing volume share in Enterprise Markets in Europe by 60 basis points. Market growth, still very strong.
So we feel good about the market context, but also about our own ability to execute.
I was just there with our COO last week. The innovation plans are very strong. The go-to-market plans are
very strong. The stores look phenomenal, and the opportunity is huge.
And the profitability we have in both Latin America and in Europe Enterprise Markets allows us to remain
fully invested in that innovation and the support thereof.
AMA, Asia, Middle East, Africa, look, the main driver here will be stabilization in the Middle East. We hope
that, that progress is sustaining, and we can go from there. But I think it will remain a more difficult
environment for us through the second half.
Operator
Your next question will come from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
I'd like to ask a few category specific questions. I'll count this as one single category question, if you'll
allow.
In the Family Care business, the double-digit growth you saw, would you attribute most of that to timing
with some sort of reversal expected in the next quarter?
In Oral Care business, it's the second quarter consecutive of low single digit, which is a bit below trend
than what we've seen over the prior 1-year period.
And then just in the Baby business, you did highlight that you'll be making some merchandising
investments. Jon spent some time on the resilience and longer-term history of pricing at P&G as a
contributor to organic sales. Clearly, this is one of those categories that has been a bit more challenged
over time, and you're leaning in a bit more on investments.
Can you expand on that a bit more? What drives those sorts of decisions? And why now? So just those 3
kind of category questions. And any kind of timing dynamics, specifically with Family Care that we should
be thinking about going into next quarter?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
All right. Chris, let me take them one by one. So Family Care, we saw very strong shipments and very
strong consumption, most importantly. And as I mentioned, we had the port strike in October and we had
a hurricane in October. Both of those led to pantry loading from a consumer standpoint.
So there was some pantry up-stocking clearly in October. We also saw strong shipments in late December
in anticipation of a January merch event that's typical. We've had the same thing happened last year. But
there is some increased pantry inventory.
History would tell us that, that consumers tend to hold on to that pantry loading for quite a while. We've
seen this during COVID, and we always expected it would come out. It never did. So hard to say what the
going impact is for the year.
I think we've appropriately protected for that in the guidance, but it's pantry inventory loading, and we
expect the majority of that will sustain through the next quarter.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Oral Care, I would point you to two things. Number one, we'll roll out the full lineup of iO innovation,
both iO 10, so up the value chain and iO 2 down to lower price points. And as we do that, I think the full
opportunity across the power Oral Care business will become more accessible to us.
Even in high penetration markets like in Europe, lowering the price point with iO 2 will give us access to
more consumers. We have a very strong marketing campaign building on the -- inside that power oral care
removes 100% of plaque, while manual brushing only removes 50% of plaque. That seems to resonate
well with consumers.
We also have the strongest taste innovation program, including heavy focus on whitening where we
had an opportunity to strengthen. So all of that gives me confidence that in the second half, we'll see
acceleration.
Last point on Baby, the reason why we want to make investments on Baby, both in communication and
potentially in promo, is due to innovation. We have talked for a while about the opportunity to continue to
innovate across the entire lineup.
We've seen the Luvs innovation now hit the market in September. We see sequential share growth on
Luvs. So we want to give consumers the incentive and the opportunity to try those propositions, while
continuing to drive the premium end of the portfolio, Swaddlers and Cruisers.
So it's really about a combination of combining innovation with strong in-store visibility and incentive to
try and strong communication to ensure consumers understand the benefit. All of those, the foundation to
create growth in Baby, which is one of the top categories to do so.
Operator
The next question will come from Olivia Tong of Raymond James.
Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Sorry, a 2-parter here. First on China, you mentioned you expect continued normalization. So how much
of this is category growth versus your market share improvements as you cycle estimating comps? And
I ask that because comps aren't particularly demanding in second half, of course, but they do get a little
less easy than the minus 15 that you're comping this quarter.
And then just if you could talk briefly about the level of investment necessary to achieve your broader
goals, not specific to China, but more broadly. Does it have to go higher? Or can you leverage many of
the brand support investments that you talked about in answer to a different question that you've already
made?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
So Olivia, on China, what I'd tell you is I -- it's a bit of both, right? We would expect some improvement
as the market cycles to more forgiving comps. And we, for sure, would expect some improvement in our
business. We talked about all the interventions we've made on innovation, on brand building, on go to
market, including the distributor model that Jon elaborated on. So it's going to be a bit of both.
Unfortunately, a bit of both means we have 2 hard-to-predict elements here. So we hope this is going to
result in a more neutral organic sales growth contribution of China in the back half, but we also are fully
aware that this could go either way.
From an investment standpoint, my take on this would be, you see us adjusting based on the opportunity.
We have 30 basis points of incremental investment in the front half. That was more moderate than what
you would have seen in the base period or even a couple of years before.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

And some of the experimentation that we talked about and how far can we push frequency and reach, I
think we concluded where it makes sense and where it doesn't make sense. So we're now more clear on
where that playbook goes.
And we're focusing mostly now on optimizing within that playbook and improving content quality as we go
into the half 2 innovation. So we will continue to invest where it makes sense, albeit probably at a slower
pace than what we've seen in the last years.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Yes. I would just add a couple of things in response to your question, Olivia. Just one bit for clarity, the
minus 15 isn't what we're comping from an index standpoint. That's a sequential number last quarter, so
just for clarity on that.
The -- on -- in terms of investments and commercialization and advertising and other forms of marketing,
I agree with what Andre said. At the same time, he talked about optimizing within that context. We're
making significant strides to be more profitable in the fastest-growing categories -- or the fastest-growing
channels in the country.
So while we will be opportunistic in investing, I expect as well we'll be saving. For example, bringing the
support of key opinion leaders in-house and utilizing some of our R&D of resources for that activity, that
saves a bunch of money. And our testing shows that it's as or more effective.
So it's not as simple as the level of reach and frequency, which are important. But it's also the cost of
delivering that, which we're working to bring down.
Operator
The next question will come from Kevin Grundy of BNP Paribas.
Kevin Michael Grundy
BNP Paribas Exane, Research Division
I'd like to pivot to capital allocation, 2-part question. One, just updated thoughts on appropriateness of
M&A as a potential avenue to drive shareholder value and what looks like it's going to be a slower growth
environment here.
And then two, with respect to buyback, consumer staples stock, including Procter's, have underperformed
the market. Valuations are below historical averages versus the S&P 500. In that sort of context, has there
been any school of thought internally to accelerate the pace of share repurchases as an avenue to drive
shareholder value?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I'll take the -- thanks, Kevin. I'll take the M&A question. Andre can add to it and then move to your share
repurchase question.
The answer is the same as it's been for some period of time here, which is that it starts with -- in most
of our categories, we wouldn't contemplate acquisition being part of the growth model in kind of any
economic environment simply because our market positions is typically the #1, and sometimes both the
#1 and #2 brands, would preclude any acquisition of any size.
There are 2 categories that we compete in that are attractive, that we like, that are much more
fragmented in their current constitution, and we've talked about those before. One is Personal Health
Care, another is Skin and other part is specialty beauty.
We don't -- we're going to be -- continue to be extraordinarily responsible in regards to pursuit of any
potential acquisitions. We don't engage in hostile attempts. So basically, assets have to be available,

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

and then we have to be able to make sense of the purchase of that asset in a way that leaves us highly
confident that we can create value. So that's kind of it from an M&A standpoint.
Before I turn it over to Andre, just one comment on share repurchase. As Andre said in his prepared
remarks, we're going to be returning between dividend and share repurchase of $16 billion to $17 billion
to shareholders this year. And as a general element of our capital allocation approach, I would expect
significant cash return to shareholders to continue to play prominently.
But with that, I'll turn it over to Andre.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Agree with everything you said on M&A, Jon. It's nice not to have to do it. So we can do it if it makes
sense.
On the capital allocation, Kevin, nothing new here. We will continue to aggressively fund the growth in
the business. We will continue to pay the dividend, likely increase the dividend. We will do M&A if we find
a target that makes sense and is willing to play. And the rest goes to shareholders in share repurchase.
That's really the simple logic that we apply. So it's an outcome rather than a target.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And we don't -- there isn't a lot of, if you will, publicity about a special share repurchase program or a
newly approved share repurchase program. And why is that? It's because we do it every year, and we do it
at the highest levels we can. And as Andre said, we'll continue to pursue that approach.
Operator
Your next question will come from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Two quick ones. Just remind us on the approach to offset FX pressures were pronounced in places like
LatAm, where the dollar has strengthened via pricing.
And then just returning to SK-II. It seems a little bit like the performance was a little bit better than
anticipated at Investor Day, where I think Alex has highlighted Mainland China improvement would
suggest, obviously, non-China a little bit weaker at the time, but your commentary would suggest
otherwise.
I guess, is it part of the improvement that the Chinese consumer perception of the brand, the geopolitics
angle, that improved? Is it category improvement? Is it both? Just any color there would be helpful.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Mark, approach on foreign exchange is not different. So I just want to confirm, we will -- in Enterprise
Markets mainly, there's a relatively good market discipline to price for foreign exchange rate.
We want to be part of that. And we will combine pricing with innovation wherever that's possible and
reasonable. That approach has worked well in Europe Enterprise Markets, in LatAm and across AMA, and
we'll continue to follow that playbook.
On SK-II, you're right. I think it's actually good to see the brand strengthening with the China consumer.
Number one, the whole dynamic of Japanese brand sentiment, I think, is easing. We, most importantly I
think, have made significant investments in brand building.
As soon as we were able to get back into broad media coverage, we've done so with very strong
amplification of the benefit and the efficacy of the product, which has worked well. We've upgraded our
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

department store presence, both from a counter standpoint and from a personnel standpoint, to ensure
that consumers can see us, find us at high-quality locations.
And we've innovated. We've launched a super premium proposition called LXP, which is doing very well in
the market and, again, is contributing to the brand equity that we want to build and reestablish. So all of
that is contributing.
And the last element, I would say -- I would tell you is consumption is actually stronger than organic
sales. Specifically in travel retail, the sales number is still negative, but the consumption continues to
return, in line with Jon's earlier comments that we also see increased Chinese travel to different locations.
So generally, I think more positive outlook on SK-II. You're right then what we would have given at
Investor Day.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And just to build a little bit on that, the SK-II, you never know how -- you've got this cross current of
geopolitical sentiment and brand sentiment, as you rightly point out in your question. The geopolitical
dynamic, one of the ways we track that in terms of how it affects consumer behavior is through social
media references.
And those are down significantly in terms of -- so in other words, the number of positive comments is
much higher than the number of negative comments, and that's continued to improve. So yes, as Andre
confirmed, that is an improvement. There is part of what's going on.
The -- but the branding part is -- that he also mentioned is an equally significant component, which he
suggested. If you look at the premium Skin Care segment right now, SK-II is the fastest-growing brand
within that segment.
Now growth on SK-II is going to be strange to follow simply because of the base period dynamics. But --
so the important thing to look at is what's happening to consumption trends quarter-on-quarter. And as
Andre indicated, that's given us some confidence.
Operator
The next question will come from Kaumil Gajrawala of Jefferies.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
I know to Chris' question, you answered for a few different categories. But if we can maybe dig in a little
bit more on consumer health or Health Care. It's -- the comp was a bit easier. It slowed down a little bit. If
just anything in there that we should be aware about, it would be interesting to know.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
The trends there year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter are most impacted by the cough/cold season, which
really hasn't existed significantly, at least through the month of December, which is the period of time that
we're reporting results for currently.
We continue to be very happy about the growth delivery and the growth prospects for the broader PHC
business and have brands outside of the cough/cold space that are growing very well. By the way, within
the cough/cold space, we continue to build share.
So that's kind of what's going on. And I don't want to wish for illness, but that's -- less illness, we'll have
slower growth. More illness, we'll have higher growth.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Our family is contributing heavily to that growth, by the way.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And I'm sitting right next to you. That's not good.
Operator
And our next question will come from Edward Lewis of Redburn Atlantic.
Edward James Lewis
Redburn (Europe) Limited, Research Division
Yes. I just wanted to, I guess, look at the components of the focus on superiority plan, particularly on the
consumer value side. So I look at this quarter, it's another quarter of -- it's flat pricing. But if I look back
over, say, the last 3 years, on average, pricing is still up around 4%. And you're clearly getting positive
volumes.
So I wonder if you just talk to sort of what the consumer value side of the focus on superiority is telling
you and whether we should then -- whether you should have confidence about possibly being able to take
more pricing sort of -- in subsequent quarters or years with the evidence you're seeing from the data
you're getting from the focus on superiority plan.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
I think we will be taking more pricing as we move forward as we bring more -- as we bring innovation that
produces a more efficacious product and a better experience to consumers. The data that you referenced
do indicate to us that we have the ability with that combination to continue contributing to the top line
through a modest amount of pricing.
Operator
The next question will come from Linda Bolton-Weiser of D.A. Davidson.
Linda Ann Bolton-Weiser
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
You've talked quite a bit about Beauty in China. And certainly, the SK-II improvement is contributing to
that Beauty improvement we saw in the quarter. But I was curious about the U.S. side of it and whether
what you're doing in Olay in the U.S., like focusing more on Regenerist as a core grower, if that's paying
any benefits in terms of market share changes.
And also just on Beauty overall. I was a little curious why volume was actually down 1% for the whole
segment for you, where volume had been sort of flat to up in the previous quarters.
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
Linda, look, let me start with North America, and it's similar. Beauty is -- it's a story of pockets of real
strength and some pockets of opportunity. And that's true for North America and the globe.
If you look at our antiperspirant and deodorant business in the U.S., it's growing 11%. And we are the #1
whole body segment brand -- or have the #1 position across our brands in that whole body segment.
Personal Care North America is growing 16%. So again, real source of strength. Hair Care in North
America is up 3% on a base of 15, so real strength.
You point out Skin Care is an opportunity. Skin Care is down in North America double digits, and we are
working to increase the innovation specifically on the jar business.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

The new innovation that we've launched, so Olay Melts and Super Serum, those are doing very well. But
they are just not big enough yet to offset the decline in the core business of jars, where we saw some
distribution changes in the club channel, but also, I think, a shift in consumer benefit space that we need
to address.
Similarly, at the globe, same logic, strength on APDO, strength on Personal Care, strength on Hair Care
with an opportunity on Skin Care. And again, same dynamic there.
The only point I'll call out in China, for example, the Olay brand has been historically focused on tone
benefit. The market is shifting more towards anti-aging or multi-benefit product. And so we've launched
innovation there, which is going in that direction.
So work to do on Skin Care. Real strength across the other categories within Beauty.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Relative to your question on volume, Linda, China -- Beauty broadly has a higher presence in China than
any of our other categories. And we're still not out of the woods, we'll use that expression again, on
volume in China.
So while sales were 3, I believe, volume was minus 6. I feel comfortable that's going to continue to
improve. But when you look at Beauty volumes, you have to realize that China weighting, which in many
periods has been a very positive thing, but now presents a challenge.
Operator
The next question will come from Robert Moskow of TD Cowen.
Robert Bain Moskow
TD Cowen, Research Division
Sorry about that. Can you hear me now?
Operator
We can hear you.
Robert Bain Moskow
TD Cowen, Research Division
Yes. My apologies. I wanted to ask about pricing in a different way. This is the first quarter where pricing
has been flat in many quarters. And is there any scenario you could imagine where pricing turns negative?
Or is there just the line in the sand here where that just won't happen?
And then secondly, on mix, mix is positive, and I want to know what's driving that. Is it geographic? Can
we assume that if Europe and U.S. continue to outperform, will that be positive to your mix? Or is there
something within the categories that's driving instead?
Andre Schulten
Chief Financial Officer
I can start. Jon, jump in, please. So price is an outcome that consistently helps our organic sales growth
number. I think Jon mentioned this, 54 out of 57 quarters positive contribution of price/mix to our organic
sales growth.
And the timing of pricing outside of foreign exchange rate pricing or heavy commodity cycles, which has
driven a lot of the pricing in the base period, is mostly driven by our innovation cycle because we like and
we tend to take pricing with innovation. And that just falls in different quarters.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 20



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

But generally, that effect of modest pricing with inflation or foreign exchange rate in Enterprise Markets
and pricing for innovation is driving that consistent contribution of pricing to our organic sales growth
numbers and will continue to do so.
What is driving mix here? I would focus less on geographic mix. I think what we're seeing is trade up
within our categories. And you see that impacting the top line positively and impacting the gross margin
line negatively.
So as consumers trade up from liquid laundry detergent into unit dose or even within unit dose to
the highest performing variants, they pay more per unit, and we make more profit per unit, but
mathematically, the gross margin is lower.
That's really the effect you see on the top line, positive effect of mix on the gross margin line, the slightly
negative effect of mix, which is exactly what we want. So healthy dynamics on both. We expect both of
those, the pricing dynamic with innovation and the mix dynamic, to continue.
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
And we're going to -- there is no straight line or red line on pricing. We're going to do what maximizes --
we make the choices that maximize value, and we'll be responsive to consumer needs in that context.
But I don't think, in all the time that I've been working on this business, I've ever thought about the
question of would we have negative pricing. It's just not part of our thought process. We're focused on
value creation. And as Andre said, pricing is kind of an outcome of that series of decisions.
Operator
Your final question today will come from the line of Korinne Wolfmeyer of Piper Sandler.
Korinne N. Wolfmeyer
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division
I just want to touch a little bit on how you're feeling about -- or how your conversations with some of your
retail partners have been going really across the globe.
What are the confidence levels you're feeling with them? Are they still being cautious of inventory orders?
Is that more normalized? And then how are you thinking about that heading into the back half of the fiscal
year?
Jon R. Moeller
President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
So I just spent time with 2 of my counterparts, who are CEOs of large European retailers. I had a top-to-
top meeting with the largest customer outside of the U.S. just yesterday.
The entirety of those conversations is focused on market growth and how, as we pursue market growth,
we can do that most efficiently. So working together, we call it one supply chain to figure out how -- and
there's a lot of power in that because it's -- we used to optimize parts of this -- of our respective supply
chains. But bringing that view all together has produced significant results, both for ourselves and our
retail partners.
So right now, the conversation is very positive generally and focuses on the opportunities that we have in
front of us. In the U.S., so those -- that's kind of Europe.
In the U.S., in the retail environment currently, you have some retailers who are doing extraordinarily
well and some retailers and channels of trade that have more challenges. And you can imagine that the
conversations are slightly different across that universe of customers. But in general, it follows the same
pattern that I just described for Europe.
Andre Schulten
Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 21



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Chief Financial Officer
All right. I think that concludes our call. Again, in summary, good quarter, good progress across multiple
geographies, cautiously optimistic with a lot of moving pieces throughout the second half.
Thanks for your time today. We're available for any follow-up questions, so please don't hesitate to reach
out. And have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a
great day.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 22



THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY FQ2 2025 EARNINGS CALL  JAN 22, 2025

Copyright © 2025 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 23