Costco Wholesale 
Corporation NasdaqGS:COST
Earnings Call
Thursday, December 12, 2024 10:00 PM GMT
  

CALL PARTICIPANTS 2

PRESENTATION 3

QUESTION AND ANSWER 7

* Capability needed to view estimates data. Please contact your account 
m...a.n..a.g..e.r...........................................................................................................................................................
CdiOvPisYioRnI GoHf TS &©P 2 G0l2o4b aSl& IPn cG. lAobll arli gMhatrsk reets Ienrtveeldligence, a 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Call Participants
....................................................................................................................................................................
EXECUTIVES

Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO

Ron M. Vachris Laura Allyson Champine
President, CEO & Director Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research

Division
ANALYSTS

Michael Lasser
Charles Edward Cerankosky UBS Investment Bank, Research
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC Division

Charles P. Grom Oliver Chen
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors TD Cowen, Research Division

Christopher Michael Horvers Peter Sloan Benedict
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Robert W. Baird & Co.
Division Incorporated, Research Division

Corey Tarlowe Robert Frederick Ohmes
Jefferies LLC, Research Division BofA Securities, Research Division

Edward Joseph Kelly Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Research Division Division

Gregory Scott Melich Scott Andrew Mushkin
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, R5 Capital LLC
Research Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
John Edward Heinbockel Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division Zhihan Ma

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Karen Fiona Short Research Division
Melius Research LLC

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 2



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Presentation
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator
today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation First Quarter
Fiscal 2025 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
And I would now like to turn the conference over to Gary Millerchip, Chief Financial Officer. You may begin.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Costco's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. I'd like to
start by reminding you that these discussions will include forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such
statements.
The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as
other risks identified from time to time in the company's public statements and reports filed with the
SEC. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the company does not
undertake to update these statements, except as required by law. Comparable sales and comparable
sales, excluding impacts from changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange, are intended as
supplemental information and are not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with GAAP.
Before we dive into our financial results for the quarter, I'm delighted to say that Ron Vachris is joining us
for today's call. I'll now hand over to Ron for some opening comments.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Thank you, Gary, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we wrap up
the first quarter of fiscal 2025, let me make a few brief comments on some of the highlights since we
last spoke in September. In the first quarter of fiscal '25, we opened 7 new warehouses. This included
1 relocation and resulted in 6 net new buildings, of which 4 were outside of the U.S. Additionally, after
the end of the quarter, on the day before Thanksgiving, we opened our 897th warehouse in Pleasanton,
California. That opening had the highest-ever opening day sales for a U.S. warehouse at $2.9 million that
day.
We continue to project 29 openings during fiscal year '25, of which 3 will be relocations and so 26 net new
buildings. Ten of those warehouses will be outside of the U.S. Gary will speak to a more detailed review
of our results in a few moments, but I wanted to share some fun facts regarding our growth across the
business. Our U.S. bakery division has reached new records of 4.2 million pies being sold the 3 days prior
to Thanksgiving. In our U.S. food courts on Halloween Day, we set a new record of 274,000 whole pizzas
being sold. That was an increase of 21%. Our U.S. pharmacy business has prescription growth exceeding
19% for the first quarter, setting new volume records for that business. And lastly, we continue to gain
market share with our e-commerce big-and-bulky fulfilled by Costco Logistics.
Costco Logistics completed nearly 1 million deliveries in Q1 and over 196,000 deliveries last week alone.
That was a new record as well. The majority of these deliveries were completed in 4 days from the
members ordering their merchandise online. All of these milestones reflect the continued strength of our
business across the membership offering. These great results are a reflection of the outstanding work
done by our over 330,000 employees around the world. Their commitment to our company and the Costco
experience for our members is truly inspiring. I'd like to thank all of our people for their outstanding work
this year and especially during our busiest time of the year.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 3



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

As we approach our Annual Shareholders Meeting in January, I also wanted to mention that our annual
update to the Costco sustainability commitments was just made available online today. This report
provides a comprehensive review of the progress we are making towards our sustainability objectives, and
I would encourage all of you to take a look.
With that, I'll turn it back over to Gary to discuss the results of the quarter, and I'll jump back on during
Q&A to field some questions. Thank you.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Thanks, Ron. In today's press release, we reported operating results for the first quarter of fiscal 2025,
the 12 weeks ended November 24. We have once again published a slide deck on our investor site under
Events and Presentations with supplemental information to support today's press release. You might find it
helpful to have this presentation in front of you as I walk through our results.
Net income for the first quarter came in at $1.798 billion or $4.04 per diluted share, up from $1.589 billion
or $3.58 per diluted share in the first quarter last year. This year's results included a tax benefit of $100
million or $0.22 per diluted share related to stock-based compensation, and last year's results included a
tax benefit of $44 million or $0.10 per diluted share, also related to stock-based compensation. Excluding
these discrete tax items, net income and earnings per diluted share grew 9.9% and 9.8%, respectively.
Net sales for the first quarter was $60.99 billion, an increase of 7.5% from $56.72 billion in the first
quarter last year. U.S. comparable sales were up 5.2% or 7.2% excluding gas deflation. Canada comp
sales were up 5.8% or 6.7% adjusted for gas deflation and FX. And other international comp sales were
up 4.7% or 7.1% adjusted. This all led to total company comp sales of 5.2% or 7.1% adjusted for gas
deflation and FX. Finally, e-commerce comp sales were up 13% or 13.2% adjusted for FX.
In terms of Q1 comp sales metrics, foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted sales
by approximately 0.3%, while gas price deflation negatively impacted sales by approximately 1.6%. Traffic
or shopping frequency increased 5.1% worldwide and 4.9% in the U.S. Our average transaction or ticket
was up 0.1% worldwide and 0.3% in the U.S. This includes the headwinds from gas deflation and FX.
Adjusted for those items, ticket would have been up 2% worldwide and up 2.3% in the U.S.
Moving down the income statement to membership fee income. We reported membership fee income of
$1.166 billion, an increase of $84 million or 7.8% year-over-year. Membership fee income growth was also
7.8%, excluding FX. Remember that the recent membership fee increase doesn't have much impact yet
due to the effects of deferred accounting and represented less than 1% of the fee growth in the quarter.
In terms of renewal rates, at Q1 end, our U.S. and Canada renewal rate was 92.8%, down 0.1% from
Q4 end. The worldwide rate came in at 90.4%, also down 0.1% primarily due to the U.S. and Canada. As
we mentioned on the last quarterly earnings call, our renewal rates are seeing some impact from higher
growth in digital sign-ups, which renew at a slightly lower rate than our base as a whole. Underlying
renewal rates and membership growth remain strong, but this mix shift is likely to have a continued effect
on our published renewal rate for the remainder of 2025.
We ended Q1 with 77.4 million paid household members, up 7.6% versus last year, and 138.8 million
cardholders, up 7.2% year-over-year. At Q1 end, we had 36.4 million paid Executive Memberships, up
9.2% versus last year. And Executive Members now represent 46.8% of paid members and 73.1% of
worldwide sales.
Turning to gross margin. Our reported rate in the first quarter was higher year-over-year by 24 basis
points, coming in at 11.28% compared to 11.04% last year and up 7 basis points excluding gas deflation.
Core margin was higher by 31 basis points and higher by 17 basis points without gas deflation. This was
driven by mix and our credit card co-brand program.
In terms of core margins on their own sales, our core-on-core margins were higher by 3 basis points.
Ancillary and other businesses gross margin was lower by 12 basis points and lower by 16 basis points ex
gas deflation. This decrease year-over-year was largely due to gas, partially offset by e-commerce. 2%
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 4



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

reward was lower or better by 5 basis points or 6 basis points without gas deflation. And LIFO was flat for
the quarter. We had a $19 million LIFO credit in Q1 this year compared to a $15 million credit in Q1 last
year.
Moving on to SG&A. Our reported SG&A rate in the first quarter was higher year-over-year by 14 basis
points, coming in at 9.59% compared to last year's 9.45%. SG&A was flat adjusted for gas deflation.
The operations component of SG&A was higher or worse by 15 basis points and higher 4 basis points,
excluding gas deflation. Higher employee wages that went into effect in July drove the headwind for the
quarter, partially offset by sales leverage and productivity gains. As always, investing in our employees
remains a key part of our strategy, and we will continue to focus on driving top line sales and improving
productivity to mitigate the incremental costs.
Central was higher or worse by 5 basis points and 3 basis points without gas deflation. Stock
compensation was lower or better by 2 basis points and 3 basis points without gas deflation. And
preopening costs were lower or better by 4 basis points, both with and without gas deflation. Below the
operating income line, interest expense was $37 million versus $38 million last year, and interest income
was $96 million versus $154 million last year.
As mentioned in our Q4 earnings, interest income faced headwinds in the quarter due to lower cash
balances subsequent to our special dividend in January 2024 and lower interest rates. This will continue
to negatively impact year-over-year compare in Q2. FX and other was a $51 million gain in Q1 this year
versus a $6 million gain last year. This gain offset much of the headwind we saw in interest income in the
quarter and was primarily due to FX.
In terms of income taxes, our tax rate in Q1 was 22% compared to 24.5% in Q1 last year. As mentioned
earlier, this year's rate benefited from a $100 million discrete item related to our annual RSU vesting.
Adjusted for this benefit, the tax rate for the quarter would have been 26.5%.
Turning now to some key items of note for the quarter. Ron talked earlier about our continued momentum
with new warehouse openings, and capital expenditure in Q1 was approximately $1.26 billion. We estimate
CapEx for the full year will be approximately $5 billion. Taking a deeper look into core merchandising
sales, fresh led the way in Q1 with comparable sales up high single digits. Meat was up double digits and
demonstrated strength across the department. We have members who are continuing to purchase high-
ticket premium cut selections and others who are gravitating more towards lower cost per pound options.
As always, our focus remains on delivering exceptional quality and value across every item we sell in
fresh.
Our nonfood category was also up high single digits despite some impact from the calendar shift. As
our buyers continue to bring in new and exciting items at great values. Golden jewelry, gift cards,
home furnishings, sporting goods, health and beauty aids, luggage, kiosk and hardware were all up
double digits. This quarter, we were able to add several new high-quality brands across a broad range of
categories, including Peloton, Wrangler, Springfree Trampolines and Ruggable.
Food and sundries had mid-single-digit comps with our cooler and frozen food departments leading the
way. We continue to see strong momentum with new and exciting international food items such as Synear
Pork Soup Dumplings, Sona Masoori Rice and Hot Pot beef sliced chuck rolls. Kirkland Signature continues
to grow at a faster pace than our business as a whole. Our goal is always to be the first to lower prices
where we see the opportunities to do so.
And just a few examples this quarter include Kirkland Signature Organic Peanut Butter reduced from
$11.49 to $9.99; Kirkland Signature Chicken Stock from $9.99 to $8.99; and Kirkland Signature
Sauvignon Blanc from $7.49 to $6.99. Our merchants are also driving innovation with Kirkland Signature.
Most notably this quarter, we introduced new Kirkland Signature Oxi Powder and Kirkland Signature Food
Storage Bags, both offering significant value to the national brand alternatives.
Within ancillary businesses, pharmacy had the strongest sales growth. Our focus continues to be on
keeping prescription and OTC prices low while also leveraging technology to make it easier for our

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

members to use our pharmacy. Recent examples include the introduction of new prescription inventory
management software to better stay in stock and enabling delivery of prescriptions via Instacart.
Our food court and optical departments also performed well in the quarter. Gas sales were negative low
double digits due to the average price per gallon being down low double digits. Costco Travel is another
way we deliver unique membership value, and these services continue to resonate well with our members.
We offer a wide range of vacation packages, car rentals, cruises, hotels, flights and other travel-related
services. And in addition to highly attractive rates, many of our offerings include a Costco shop card as
extra value for booking with Costco.
A couple of fun facts about our Travel business. Last year, we sold enough rental cars to fill every U.S.
Costco parking spot 8.5x. We also offer great value to members on cruises, and our largest cruise booking
last year was a 150-day around-the-world cruise starting from Fort Lauderdale and making stops in
places like the Galapagos and Easter Island. The total price was $293,000 for 2 in the Owner's Suite cabin
and added values on the booking included a shipboard credit of $13,000 and a Costco shop card worth
$25,000. Members who use Costco Travel spend approximately twice as much as members that do not use
these services.
Inflation was once again essentially flat in the quarter across all core merchandise. Food and sundries and
fresh foods were slightly inflationary and this was offset by deflation in nonfoods. In the supply chain,
while egg supplies have been negatively impacted by avian influenza and the recent East Coast port
strikes led to a spike in paper and water product demand, overall product supply has generally been good.
The predictability of on-time shipping delivery remains below pre-COVID levels and items are generally
spending more time on the water.
Our merchants have adapted well to this change, and we are in a great position with inventory for the
holidays. As we head into Q2, we continue to monitor for potential port strikes in India, the East Coast,
and Canada, and our merchants are adopting plans as necessary to ensure we remain in stock for our
members.
Turning to digital and e-commerce. We continue to make progress with our technology road map and
enhancements made to the member experience like the ability to check warehouse inventory via the
Costco app are resonating well. Our U.S. app was downloaded 2.9 million times in the quarter, bringing
total downloads to approximately 42 million. E-commerce traffic, conversion rates and average order value
were all up year-over-year, helping to drive another strong quarter of comparable sales growth.
While strength in volume was a meaningful tailwind to e-commerce sales, hardware, sporting goods,
gift cards, and home furnishings all grew double digits year-over-year. As Ron mentioned earlier, Costco
Logistics also had another great quarter, driving growth in big-and-bulky items. And Costco Next, our
curated marketplace achieved record sales over the Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday sales
period.
In closing, let me provide a brief update on retail media. To use a baseball analogy, we are very much
in the early innings with retail media, but we continue to believe this represents a significant growth
opportunity in the future. This quarter, we completed our first targeted media campaign through third-
party media channels with one of our largest CPG partners. The campaign achieved 2 to 3x the return
on ad spend typically expected, highlighting the value we can create for our members and suppliers. Our
retail media team is now working with over 25 suppliers who are eager to participate in our next wave of
offsite campaigns.
And finally, in terms of upcoming releases, we will announce our December sales results for the 5 weeks
ending Sunday, January 5, on Wednesday, January 8, after market close. That concludes our prepared
remarks, and we'll now open the line up for questions.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Question and Answer
....................................................................................................................................................................

Operator
[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan
Stanley.
Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
I hope you can hear me. My one question with a couple of parts, actually diagnosing the health of the
consumer. Can you give us some sense of how you're clearing some of the seasonal inventory, maybe
apparel, bigger ticket? And then once in a while, we talk about market share in some discretionary
categories. Can you share your perspective on that?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Sure. Thanks, Simeon. Yes, we can hear you well, and thanks for the question. Yes, so maybe taking that
question in a few parts. So as we look at the consumer, I think we're seeing a lot of similar trends that
we've talked about on the last few quarters. What we're seeing with our members is that now, probably
more than any time in recent history, that combination of newness of items, quality and value are really
important to the member. And we're seeing the member being very choiceful about how they're spending
the dollars.
All that being said, I think we're finding that as our merchants are doing a great job of finding that
newness and quality at great value, we've seen some great strength in our nonfood categories. And
certainly, as you heard me say on the prepared comments, we're seeing really strong performance across
many of the categories around things like gold and jewelry, gift cards, home furnishings, sporting goods,
health and beauty, hardware, all up double digits during the quarter.
So we're pleased with the momentum that we're seeing there. And I think it reflects the fact that our
members are willing to spend as inflation comes down as long as those sort of 3 key ingredients that I
mentioned are there for the member as well.
I think in terms of overall what we're seeing with the member on food and grocery, I would say that we
are seeing what we think is a little bit of a shift from food away from home to food at home, and that's
certainly reflected in strong meat and produce sales that we've seen in our own business. And we are
seeing, I think, a little bit even more of a trend that we've talked about in prior quarters of bifurcation
with the member where we have high-quality premium cuts they're selling well. But we're also seeing a
gravitation towards those lower price per pound items across categories like poultry, cuts of beef and pork
as well. Ron, anything you'd like to add?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Yes. I guess, Simeon, another part of your question, seasonal sell-through appears to be very strong.
It's a unique retail calendar with a shorter period of time after Thanksgiving. But our buyers have been
through this before, and they've responded properly with that as well. So that feels good. It seems to
be a very foundational Christmas though. As you see, furniture driving a lot of our e-commerce sales,
appliances, sporting goods, hardware. And so just people are very, very basic buying this year, but good
trends.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

And I think, Simeon, I guess I didn't mention specifically. We tend to focus on our member and how can
we deliver that great value. The data that we do see would tend to suggest that we're growing our share
across most of the categories that I mentioned.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen with TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen
TD Cowen, Research Division
Your traffic continues to impress a lot. As we look forward, what are your thoughts and key drivers and
mix opportunities as you think about ticket and UPT? Also, you highlighted retail media, which is a huge,
great opportunity. How does that intersect with your important multi-vendor mailer? And also as you think
about incrementality of that opportunity, that would be great to hear.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Thanks, Oliver. I think the first part of your question, you probably heard in some of the comments
that we made that we were -- we have been pleased with the traffic that we've seen and the continued
frequency of shop from our members. What was nice to see, at the end of last quarter, we did see, when
you adjust for foreign exchange and gasoline, that we started to turn positive on the items per basket.
And then this quarter, when you adjust for those items, we were up about 2% on the -- slightly over 2%,
I think, on the U.S. and 2% worldwide. So we have seen some improved momentum on the items per
basket.
And I think that's a lot of great work being done by, again, our merchants, making sure that we've
got great product offerings in the warehouse and then our operators really executing those campaigns
exceptionally well when the members are in the warehouse as well.
From a media perspective, I think we look at it very much as an incremental opportunity. Our goal is to
continue to maximize the value we can put into everyday product quality and pricing. And where we're
seeing a lot of the interest in retail media is really coming from the marketing agencies, which gives us
a lot of confidence that this is an opportunity for us to tap into new marketing dollars where a lot of our
national brand suppliers are going to those media agencies to invest those marketing dollars to really
make sure they're getting a good return on that ad spend.
And so where we're seeing a lot of the traction, and again, I would emphasize it's very early days with
retail media. For us, it's something that we're just really embarking on that offsite journey. But really
where most of the interest is coming from is from retail media agencies, which we believe is the way for
us to make sure that we're driving incrementality and growth in the model.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
So can you talk about what drove the core-on-core margin performance this quarter? You have the MFI
now rolling through. How do you think about reinvestment of price, either in terms of expected price
reductions that you see coming down the supply chain or maybe even going above and beyond that? And
just as a side question, can you define what's in the hardware category? Is that consumer electronics?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Sure. Thank you for the question. Yes, in terms of the core-on-core margin, first of all, which I think was
the first part of your question, if you break it down between the sort of 3 main categories that we see
within the business, that's foods, fresh and nonfoods. Foods would have been essentially flat. Nonfoods
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

would have been down slightly, and fresh would have been up slightly. So those 3 kind of -- obviously,
overall, we were just up 3 basis points. So there really wasn't a tremendous amount of change overall, but
they would have been the sort of key puts and takes in the overall number.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
And then the description of the hardware category really is just that. It's storage, plumbing, lighting,
power tools, batteries, those type of the household goods that you would find at a typical hardware story.
Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
And then on the price investment side, your thought process there?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
That's something that we've done for the history of the company. We're going to continue to invest in
price. And some of it may come in holding certain prices as some commodities are starting to increase,
but investing in items like Gary described, leading with Kirkland Signature. I mean we feel that we're
going to be asking our members and our vendors to contribute with lower prices. We've got to set that
example and start with Kirkland. So we're going to continue to look at those opportunities and invest
where we can and keep driving sales.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Zhihan Ma with Bernstein.
Zhihan Ma
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
I have a 2-part question. One, I think, Gary, you mentioned the difference in renewal rates from online
sign-ups and then offline sign-ups. Can you help us break it out and understand the difference in online
behaviors? And second part on the retail media side. How do you expect Costco Connect, the third-
party marketplace, to contribute to the growth of retail media going forward? And will that impact the
membership loyalty in any way or regard?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. So first of all on the membership rate, I'd maybe take a step back
and just overall, we're feeling very good about the underlying membership metrics that we're seeing. So
renewal rates and general sign-up activity and then the membership growth remains very strong. As I
mentioned in the prepared remarks, really, what we're seeing is that over the last few years, we've seen
some shift in more of the members that we're acquiring coming through digital channels.
And that's helping with the comment that we made last quarter, where we're also seeing a slightly -- a
reduction in the average age of members because of that change in shift as well. But what it does mean is
that often, when we have new members being recruited through that digital channel, they're renewing at
a slightly lower rate than the historical base that we have.
And you may recall that when we talk about membership renewal rates, it's effectively an 18-month lag
that we see -- that we report out on that renewal rate. And so as we look forward and see that trend
continuing as we build more of that new digital member into the base and it slightly affects the mix, we
expect it will have a slight impact on that overall membership renewal rate that we report.
So we wanted to make sure we gave you visibility into that. When we look at individual sort of cohorts of
members, we feel good about the ability for us to be able to continue to drive improvement in renewal
rate, but we are going to see that impact through as it becomes a flow-through from the continued growth
in digital members.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
And then this is Ron, the question on Costco Next. Costco Next is our marketplace. This is an exclusive
Costco member-only marketplace. It's fully curated by our buyers so everything that's on that site has
been reviewed by our buyers but is exclusive to Costco members. So we think it's just going to enhance
the relationship we have with our members and give more options for their shopping needs.
Zhihan Ma
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Got it. Just to clarify, I was wondering if you were going to have more 3P marketplace vendors using the
retail media service and whether that's -- there's any implications on the number side.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
And that, again, as Gary mentioned earlier, we're in the very early stages, and we're going to look at
where we feel the benefits will be to our members. So that is to be determined yet.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Karen Short with Melius Research.
Karen Fiona Short
Melius Research LLC
I know this is maybe a little out of left field but just curious, there's kind of been a trend in retail for
some -- for stock splits generally. And I'm wondering what your philosophy is on that because I know you
want your employees to have an opportunity to buy stock below the store manager level. And the second
question that's kind of unrelated is just tariffs. Any thoughts on that and thoughts on what that could do
to inflation?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Thanks, Karen. Yes, on the stock split, you're probably aware that Costco has done stock splits in the past.
And it's something that we'll continue to evaluate and discuss with our Board but there isn't a plan at
this time for a stock split. I think for us, the way we think about it is the economic arguments that we're
showing the past are a little bit less clear because retail investors and employees both have the ability now
to buy fractional shares.
But we do also recognize that there's a benefit of the stock feeling more affordable for our retail investors
and employees who are very important constituents for us. So we'll continue to evaluate over time. And
then I think the second part of the question was on tariffs?
Karen Fiona Short
Melius Research LLC
Yes.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes, I think from a tariffs point of view, what I would say is that, first of all, there's a lot of uncertainty
around the timing and scope of changes. So it makes it difficult for anyone to predict what the impact will
be with confidence. And in general, of course, tariffs raise costs so that's not something that we see as a
positive in general.
With that being said, I'll quote my predecessor, Richard. He'd say "When it rains, it rains on everybody."
And I think for us, we faced tariffs in the past, and we believe that our merchants and buyers are
equipped, as anybody is, to sort of work through and navigate and manage that situation. We have a
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

plan over time where we have done this in the past and typically, we'll look where we can to pull forward
inventory buying, which actually we've done already because of some of the less predictability around
shipping and how much time product spends on the water and also because of the risk of strikes that
we've seen in the past as well.
We'll, of course, try and work with our vendors to make sure we're looking for ways where we can to
mitigate the cost. And we also consider alternative sourcing locations where that's practical as well. I
guess the final sort of string in our bow would be is if we didn't see the value in an individual SKU, then we
could always pivot to a different SKU item for the member if we felt the value just wasn't there, and it was
more effective for us to move to a different item in the warehouse.
I guess in context for us, the sort of the amount of business that's affected, about 1/4 of our business is
nonfoods and then a subset of that is imported. So remember, it's a minority of our overall business and
then it's a smaller part of that as well we actually import just for context.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Edward Kelly with Wells Fargo.
Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
I wanted to ask you about CapEx. CapEx has kind of been inching up over the last couple of years. But
taking a step back and thinking about the evolution of your business, your goals, growing the moat,
how are you thinking about the outlook for CapEx? Any meaningful changes ahead? And as part of this,
anything different sort of in the pipeline from a project or priority standpoint?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Thanks, Ed. I wouldn't say there's really any major change. As you mentioned, we have been
gradually increasing capital expenditure, more a reflection of the continued growth of the business as
we've opened new warehouses, seen some inflation in those costs over the last few years. And we have,
of course, been investing a little bit more in technology as well as we sort of modernize the platforms
there and look to build the right capabilities to support growth in the future.
But I think philosophically, we focus on -- job #1, of course, is to focus on the warehouses and invest
in continuing to maintain the quality of our fleet and invest in new growth warehouses in that 25 to 30
range, updating our supply chain and depots to support the capability there and both digitally. And then
also, as I mentioned, sort of technology investments. But I wouldn't indicate at this point that there's
any major change in trajectory. It's more just a continuation of the growth strategy that we've had in
executing on our strategy.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel with Guggenheim.
John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Two quick things. Philosophically, price investments get a lot of publicity. But when you think about
reinvesting the MFI increase, price, product quality, right, IT labor, there's a lot of things to invest in.
Where do those other things rank relative to price? And then what does the International Club pipeline
look like? I'm thinking in particular where you control sites, even they may be years away, is that -- I
don't think it's over 100, but how big is that pipeline today?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Thanks, John. I'll jump in first and Ron may want to add some color as well. I think overall, we look
at the reinvestment of the membership fee holistically. So it's partly where is it that we can lower prices,
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

of course. Part of it is where can we mitigate the impact of inflation to maintain the value for the member
even if costs are increasing. It's if we -- how can we improve the membership experience, including
investing in our employees' wages as we've done recently as well.
And of course, innovation with new products through Kirkland Signature. So I think we tend to look at it
holistically and say, how do we make sure that when we think about what our members are paying for
their membership fee each year, that we're delivering more value and showing them that they're getting
greater value than they're paying by a meaningful margin for the value of being a member. Ron, anything
you want to add on that?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
No, I think that, that's accurate. And an expansion around the world, I think you'll continue to see an
equal amount of 30 warehouses opening up over the next few years for sure, a good portion of those
being out of the U.S. We see some great opportunities in Canada and Mexico have been strong countries
for us. We continue to see growth opportunities both in Europe and Asia as well.
So some of these projects take a lot longer than other ones will so they'll come on at different times. But I
think the outline of 30 a year seems very realistic and a good portion of those, not quite half, to be outside
of the U.S.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
So I just wanted, Gary, to go back to your comment, Gary, that core margins ex gas were up 17 basis
points, and you called out mix and credit card co-brand program. Is there any more color you can provide
in terms of what's driving that?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Sure, yes. Thanks, Rupesh. Overall, as you mentioned it, we were pleased with where reported gross
margin rate came in. We tend to look at it ex gas deflation, as you know, and that was up 7 basis points
and then core-on-core was up 3. So I think the overall message is that things were stable when we look at
the gross margin rate.
There were a number of puts and takes in that, that largely offset each other within the overall results.
The main headwind, as we signaled potentially could be the case, was around gas, which was impacted
by the fact that we had a major event, obviously, 12 months ago or so in the Middle East that created
volatility, and often that can create some strange margin performance and we were cycling that. So that
was the large headwind.
I wouldn't say overall that we've seen, in the long term, gas margins be unpredictable. It just tends to
be more unpredictable on an individual quarter when you have that volatility. So that was the sort of
biggest headwind. And then offsetting that in the quarter, we had some benefit again this quarter from
e-commerce as margins improved there, and the rate of improvement in e-commerce would have been
largely similar to what we saw last quarter. So we were pleased with the progress we continue to see
there.
And then as you mentioned in the call, we had a couple of offsets. We saw some benefit from mix as we
look at the business. And then secondly, we saw some benefit from the co-brand credit card program,
as you mentioned. Essentially, the way the credit card co-brand works is that we fund a portion of the
rewards that are paid to members, and then we receive various incentives and payments from our issuing
bank and all that flows into gross margin.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

And essentially, the net effect of that was favorable for the quarter, which offset, along with mix and the e-
commerce benefits, the gas headwind. So as I mentioned, overall, I think there were no major takeaways
from the puts and takes, but we're pleased that gross margin was up slightly, even though we continue to
invest in lower prices and deliver more value for the member.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird.
Peter Sloan Benedict
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
I want to -- maybe Ron, for you on the runway for growth in the U.S. You said 30 new clubs per year next
handful of years here. Most of those are going to be in the U.S. You guys are just over 600 right now. I
think if you include the other 2 players, we're talking about 1,400-plus clubs in the U.S. They're growing
as well. How do you think about maybe the capacity for the club industry in the U.S. and maybe for Costco
in particular? What are you seeing that gives you confidence in your ability to keep growing at this pace in
the U.S.?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
I think the one thing I see is the continued success of operations like I spoke of, Pleasanton, California
that we opened the day before Thanksgiving, right in between 3 high-volume Bay Area locations in
the East Bay. And we opened this warehouse up not long ago and even finding incremental business,
significant incremental business from our members.
As we relieve the pressure off of those high-volume warehouses, we see the existing member base
coming more frequently and the build-back is quite nice for us. So we see incrementality of the new
warehouse and then we see very, very quick build-back on those as well. So not only do we still see some
opportunities. Scarborough, Maine, we opened over a year ago. Building has had a tremendous first year
in a smaller market like that, that we see.
So we see some runway for a few years ahead of us yet where we have a combination of new markets.
But we really are focusing on how do we continue to improve that member experience by relieving
pressure off of some of these super high-volume warehouses. And we're finding it to be incremental to the
business.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
I wanted to circle back on e-commerce, the growth there of 13%. Could you update us on what the
penetration is now and also how, if you add on Instacart and I guess the Uber Eats start, where we're
getting up to on that?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Thanks, Greg, for the question. Yes, we were pleased with the growth that we saw in digital. I think
it's important to remember as well, as we shared in the November sales release, that there was some
impact of timing of calendar as well. So the 13% -- if you think about, I think we shared -- the team
shared that we're like a 15% headwind in our November sales results.
And so truly, if you take about 1/3 of that, you wouldn't be 1 million miles out with the impact that it
would have had on our sales in the quarter as well. So we were pleased overall with the underlying trend
and the metrics that we saw around app downloads and traffic and average order were all up as well,
which was encouraging.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 13



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

If you think about the mix of the business, it would be in the sort of -- from the numbers that we disclosed
publicly as being part of our digital business in the sort of 7% to 8% range of our total sales. So as you
know, it continues to outpace our overall growth and we expect that trend to continue. You're exactly right
that when you recognize how we define it compared to how others define it, we wouldn't include some of
those third-party sites that are delivering.
And there's a few other business -- parts of our business that we don't include in there as well that would
fit in under other businesses. When we add those in there and when you sort of strip out gas, which I
think most companies do when they compare, we'd be north of 10% in terms of total penetration of e-
commerce sales.
Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division
Got it. And then maybe circling back on private label. Could you just update us now on the penetration,
especially given some of those great new items you've come out with that you highlighted earlier in the
call and what that could eventually be?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Yes, I think it's up about -- almost 33% at this point in the U.S. is where we've now hit. And that's
primarily the food and sundry side of things where we see the majority of our private label. But we're just
bumping up against 33% and it's growing a little faster than the rest of the business.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital.
Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital LLC
So I just wanted to kind of maybe ask a higher-level question around your business. The traffic growth,
which is the lifeblood of a retailer, has been very strong, given the size of the company. You talked about
the Pleasanton opening. So I was wondering if you can kind of give us an idea of what you think is driving
this. Is it the club format generally resonating [ consumer minds -- initiatives ]? And how do we think
[indiscernible] and number...
[Technical Difficulty]
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
We've lost you halfway through the questions, I'm sorry.
Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital LLC
I apologize. I don't know why that happened. You guys are sort of clear. [indiscernible] this type of traffic
growth is your initiatives, the industry [indiscernible] and what your thoughts are about keeping this type
of traffic growth going [ 3 ] years?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Okay. And I think we got most of your questions and really regards around traffic growth and what we see
that happening and if we feel that, that can continue on. And that's what I'll try to answer, and hopefully,
that was what you're talking about.
I think from some of the comments you made, I think it's all of the above. And some of the fun facts that I
gave out there was just really to point to the growth success we're seeing in several parts of our company,

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 14



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

be it the pharmacy, the food court, our fresh foods area. I've got to contribute a big part of that to our
buyers and operators and the work that they're doing and keeping relevance to the member needs and
being reflective of what -- we're focusing on some of the lower-cost proteins for some of our members
while we're focusing on the [ Wagyu ] for the members that would like those goods as well.
So I think our people are doing a tremendous job knowing our customer. But it really is all parts of
the business are contributing. The entire business is very strong. Our nonfood business continues to
strengthen. E-commerce is doing their part. But it just goes back to execution from the teams.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Robby Ohmes with Bank of America.
Robert Frederick Ohmes
BofA Securities, Research Division
It's on competitive impact so it may end up sounding like more than one question. But I -- are there any
competitive impacts you guys are seeing worth calling out benefits or headwinds? So maybe remind us,
when a regional player you compete with raises their membership fee, does that help you guys at all
retain or retention rates, things like that?
And also, I know you've been asked this, but any pressures you're seeing on the fact that you guys don't
do Scan & Go and Sam's seems to be doing really well with it and any other competitive impacts you can
call out?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Thanks for the question, Robby. I think we're generally our own biggest competitor, honestly. That's
generally how we approach the business. Maybe the couple of trends that add some color on that, that
I would call out would be, we haven't talked for some time about cannibalizing our own business with
opening new warehouses. And as Ron mentioned, generally, we're seeing significant incrementality.
But as we have opened more warehouses, we certainly create some of that. We don't split it out in our
numbers. We just flow it through our results, but it does impact the number because we are moving some
traffic from existing warehouses when we open a new one. I think from a competitive point of view, I
guess the biggest tailwind I would call out, and Ron mentioned it briefly in prepared comments around our
business is that, obviously, we're seeing quite a lot of disruption in the retail pharmacy business right now.
And I think with the work our teams are doing to deliver great value for the member and continuing
to improve the experience and make it easier to engage with our pharmacists, as I mentioned in my
prepared comments, we're seeing significant growth in that business today. I think that's partly the work
that we're doing and partly, I think there is some disruption in the industry currently as well.
Robert Frederick Ohmes
BofA Securities, Research Division
And just any comments on Scan & Go and maybe remind us why that might not be on your agenda?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
I mean I think we've got -- our job is, as Gary said, to take care of the members and make sure that they
move through it. Do we hear about Scan & Go? Yes, we do. Self-checkout has been a great option for our
members and we focus on that. Our job really is that we will continue to keep an eye on technology and
how we can improve that front-end experience that is the one pinch point. That was the focus of our door
scanners as we took a lot of pressure off of the cashiers and moving lines through and saw some nice
productivity enhancements when we did that.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 15



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

But at this point, it's not something we're hearing quite often. We do hear it randomly, but we're going to
keep an eye out there on technology and make sure that we're doing our part to keep the experience as
strong as we can for our members.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Given the recent sales contribution from categories like precious metals and gift cards, have you,
A, expanded the aperture of what Costco is now willing to sell or what the member is willing to buy
from Costco? And B, have you changed your philosophy on the margin where you are expecting more
profitability from traditional product vendors to offset the negative margin impact from selling these items
that don't drive a lot of profit?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
I think as far as new categories, you go back to caskets that we started many years ago, that we would
have never thought would have been a business for us, and we're able to find a way to deliver great
member value and great quality. And that was such as the addition to gasoline we had many years ago in
the company as well, is that can we find something that meets the needs of our members and ensure we
can deliver the right quality and the great price.
So I think the tickets and precious metals was, again, great work by our buying teams and finding new
areas that we can deliver great quality and great value to our members. And I see them working hard on
the next categories that are going to be coming for us. But that's part of the treasure hunt at Costco is
always keeping nimble and continue to change those categories that we can find new areas to improve the
lives of our members.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Maybe, Ron, just to add on that, Michael, to your question, I think we give a bit more credit, in
addition to Ron's point, about it's great work by our merchants, creating new and exciting items. We
give a bit more credit, I think, to the impact they have on the business. Not necessarily because we see
significant margin, as you mentioned from them, but they're driving significant traffic to our website, and
we do get a high proportion of cross-selling when members are buying things like precious metals, so it's
driving our ability to grow our digital business overall.
And I think we see it as something that also just creates a lot of awareness about our e-commerce
business as well. So as you know, we don't advertise, but it's identifying these exciting items that help
drive traffic and awareness of what Costco offers. And I think some of that is a factor in what helps with
the continued growth in e-commerce not just from a top line perspective but also the margin improvement
that we talked about on the call. So I think we would look at it a little bit more broadly for sure.
Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
But just to clarify that second point, are you having to offset the margin impact from selling these
traffic-driving items that don't carry a lot of margin by requiring even better margins on the rest of the
assortment?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 16



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

No. What we're seeing is we're driving a mix improvement overall because of the traffic that's driving
and the engagement with the website. And remember, of course, as well that there's very low SG&A cost
associated with that product so it also helps create leverage in the e-commerce model as well.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
So the answer is really no. We're not making more margin on those other items to offset that. We're just
driving down our SG&A so we don't require more margin.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett.
Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors
Ron, can you talk about Costco's right to earn more wallet share with your more affluent higher-income
shopper, particularly on the discretionary side of the business? And then Gary, just on the margin bridge,
can you just explain why the 2% rebate was favorable 5 basis points? Historically, it's almost always
negative or neutral.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Sure thing. Chuck, your question was why are we gaining more market share with our affluent customers,
is that what your question was?
Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors
No. My question is, do you think you've earned the right to earn more wallet share with the higher-income
shopper?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Absolutely. I think we do. I think as we continue to find the brands, I mean, and deliver also with great
quality, Kirkland Signature, we will continue to see that growth and that customer. We resonate. That is
our member and that's who we cater our mixes to. And I think that we see great runway for us in the
future.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
And then, Chuck, on the second part of your question, so with the 2% Rewards, think of it as that
throughout the year, we're accruing what we believe is the right amount of redemption for the 2%
Rewards. And generally speaking, we're going to be conservative around that because we want to make
sure we're fully accrued.
And then when we get into the first quarter each year, we're sort of truing up, if you like, what the actual
spend was. So I'd almost think of the adjustment this quarter sort of offsetting the increases that we
saw in the back half of last year. And so you have to net those out to say underlying, there is a gradual
increase in the 2% spend but it kind of nets off between quarter-by-quarter.
Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors
Okay. So it was essentially a true-up then?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 17



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Right.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Kelly Bania with BMO Capital Markets.
Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research
Ron and Gary, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about your partnerships with Instacart and
Uber now that you've had Uber for quite some time. What you've learned? What is the pace of growth and
how that's adding to comps? And just general awareness among your membership base of the service
there, particularly as you add new services like you mentioned, the pharmacy, I guess, coming in and
what something like that could do to the growth there.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Yes. I guess I will start with that very strong partnerships with both organizations. We've closely looked at
what the behaviors of the members were and found great incrementality to our members shop, frequency
goes way up and it changes the shopping habits. I think they'll use us more for a fill-in between their big
Costco brick-and-mortar shop to go into an Instacart or an Uber and shop those directions.
So I think that we're finding that it's the most cost-effective way to do some small nonfood item deliveries
as well, where we would have otherwise shipped those via UPS or a carrier from a distribution center. We
can now have those to a member within a few hours. So if you're looking for a blender that will fit in the
back of a Prius, we can get that to you in a couple of hours at a very low cost.
So it's improving our e-commerce delivery speed and time to the member and convenience is there as
well. So we're very happy with the partnership. Our head merchant works very closely with both of those
organizations, and we think it's a great service with our members.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
And I guess the only thing to add, Kelly, is the first part of your question, it continues to grow very
strongly so at least in line with the pace that we see in our digital business overall.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
Yes, slightly higher than our e-commerce business growth.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Chuck Cerankosky with Northcoast Research.
Charles Edward Cerankosky
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC
Could you talk a little bit about labor relations and the current negotiations with the Teamsters please?
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director
I guess what I will say about that is that at Costco, we will always take care of our employees as we
always have done. That means that we're going to focus on a fair and timely process for getting to an
agreement with the Teamsters. We have a 40-year track record of dealing fairly with the Teamsters union,
and really nothing has changed about that.
So this is -- these are Costco employees. They are of great importance to us. And we're going to do
everything as we can to take care of those employees as we do all of our employees.
Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 18



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Corey Tarlowe with Jefferies.
Corey Tarlowe
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the international performance that you saw. Comps
decelerated on a multiyear stack versus Q4. So just curious, by region, if there's anything to call out that
changed versus the prior quarters.
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Thanks for the question, Corey. I don't think there's anything we'd be particularly calling out. I mean
there's certainly some nuances sometimes between some of the international markets of when certain
holidays fall and they would have had -- I'll give you an example, which I wasn't familiar with before
joining the company and having recent conversations that in Taiwan, there's a big impact from the holiday
season in the same way there is here around Black Friday.
And so there are nuances like that, that we see in individual markets that sometimes can affect the
calendar. But overall, we've been pleased with the momentum that we've seen in the international
businesses. And we continue to see strong growth relative to both our own internal expectations and then
also as we look at the growth in those markets, how we continue to grow our market share. So nothing I
would call out as being unusual there.
Operator
Your final question comes from Laura Champine with Loop Capital.
Laura Allyson Champine
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
It's a follow-up on your digital business, which obviously is growing well. But how would senior
management diagnose or grade your online presence from a look, feel and function perspective relative to
your competition? And related to that, this growth in members who are joining online, is that something
you're driving or is that just an output of the attractiveness of your online offer?
Gary Millerchip
Executive VP & CFO
Yes. Thanks for the question. I think, again, I'll say we're probably our own toughest critic. I think when
we look at our business overall and we look at the growth over the last 10 years, we've actually grown at
a faster pace than the e-commerce sort of business in the U.S. has grown in general. So in one respect,
we're very pleased the momentum and the growth that we've seen and continuing to see that higher
engagement.
But we're never satisfied. We believe there's more work we can do to keep improving the member
experience. We made recent changes with things like search functionality and making inventory available
through the mobile app. And those changes are certainly members are seeing the benefit of that and
commenting positively on the changes that we're seeing.
But we know that we're on a technology journey. We've sort of been building the foundations of that
journey over the last few years, and the goal is to keep getting better and to keep enhancing the member
experience. So I'd say we still believe there's more work to do. And we believe by doing that work, we can
continue growing our digital business even more effectively.
Ron M. Vachris
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 19



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

And I would add to that, we realize that we do have some opportunities. We definitely see that we can
continue to improve. Gary is exactly right. We're doing the back of the end -- back-of-the-house work at
this point, speed, stability, making sure that all the foundational work is done so we can build on that.
And then I think in short order, people will start seeing the front side of things that will come in. But I
think Costco Logistics is a great example of the progress we've made. We are now able to predeploy
things around the U.S. and have deliveries made in 4 days, which a couple of years ago would have taken
us 2 weeks. So we're seeing the distribution centers coming online. We're starting to see the app usage go
way up, functionalities being added to that as well.
So it's a journey. We're going to start seeing some more forward-facing improvements in the next 12
months that we -- as we sort of start putting our logistics side behind us and we get those things taken
care of. And as far as the e-commerce engagement with membership sign-ups, probably the biggest
difference is that we have less Executive Members sign up online, which do renew at a higher basis.
And so -- and I think that, that big part -- a big part of that is that they don't have an employee to talk
to when they're making that transaction. And they don't understand all the benefits of the Executive
Membership. So we're able to capture those later on in the path. And -- but that's the first thing we see
there is that at least we start engaging with them as a member and then we will work on showing them
the benefits of the Executive Membership down the road.
Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call, and we thank you for your participation.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 20



COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION FQ1 2025 EARNINGS CALL  DEC 12, 2024

Copyright © 2024 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2024 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 21