Blackstone Second Quarter 2023 Investor Call 
July 20, 2023 at 9:00am ET 
 
Moderator: Good day and welcome to the Blackstone Second Quarter 2023 Investor Call.  
Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. If 
you require operator assistance at any time, please press star zero. If you'd like to ask a question, 
please signal by pressing star one on your telephone keypad. If you use your speakerphone, 
please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. 
At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Weston Tucker, Head of Shareholder 
Relations. Please go ahead.  
  
Weston Tucker: Thank you, Katie, and good morning and welcome to Blackstone’s second-
quarter conference call. Joining today are: Steve Schwarzman, Chairman and CEO; Jon Gray, 
President and Chief Operating Officer; and Michael Chae, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier this 
morning, we issued a press release and slide presentation which are available on our website, and 
we expect to file our 10-Q report in a few weeks.  
 
I'd like to remind you that today's call may include forward-looking statements which are 
uncertain and outside of the firm's control and may differ from actual results materially. We do 
not undertake any duty to update these statements. For a discussion of some of the risks that 
could affect results, please see the “Risk Factors” section of our 10-K. We'll also refer to non-
GAAP measures and you'll find reconciliations in the press release on the shareholders page of 
our website.  
 
Also note that: nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to 
purchase, an interest in any Blackstone fund. This audio-cast is copyrighted material of 
Blackstone and may not be duplicated without our consent. 
 
So on results: We reported GAAP net income for the quarter of $1.2 billion. Distributable 
earnings were also $1.2 billion, or $0.93 per common share, and we declared a dividend of $0.79 
per share, which will be paid to holders of record as of July 31st. With that, I'll now turn the call 
over to Steve. 
 
Steve Schwarzman: Thank you Weston and good morning. Thank you all for joining the call.  
 
Blackstone reached a remarkable milestone in the second quarter. We surpassed $1 trillion of 
assets under management – the first alternative manager to do so, and more than three years 
ahead of the aspirational roadmap we presented at our Investor Day in 2018. This achievement is 
significant in many ways, including for me personally. I founded Blackstone with my partner 
Pete Peterson in 1985 with $400,000 of start-up capital. We sent out 450 personal 
announcements of our new venture and published a full-page newspaper ad with the expectation 
that the phone would start ringing off the hook. It was a humbling experience when no one 
called, other than a few people wishing us luck. When we started raising our first private equity 
fund in 1986, with a $1 billion target, we discovered that getting a $5- or $10-million 
commitment was a substantial accomplishment. Fortunately, we hung in there, and we were 
ultimately successful. 

  1 
 



   
 

 
Looking at Blackstone today, I feel an immense sense of pride. We've established an 
unparalleled global platform of leading business lines, offering over 70 distinct investment 
strategies. We believe our clients view us as the gold standard in alternative asset management, 
and this milestone reflects the extraordinary level of trust we've built with them over nearly four 
decades. We've delivered for them in good times and bad, generating $300 billion of aggregate 
gains with minimal losses. In fact, virtually all of our drawdown funds we've launched in our 
history have been profitable for our investors. Our performance has helped secure retirees' 
pensions; fund students' educations; pay healthcare benefits; and protect and grow the savings of 
individual investors. We are tremendously proud of the role we've played in driving these 
outcomes. Our ability to create excess returns over long periods of time, in support of these 
critically important objectives, is what distinguishes us as a firm and powers our growth.  
 
This milestone is also reflective of Blackstone's distinctive positioning as the leading innovator 
in our industry. At our founding, we determined that building a great company required us to be 
in a continuous innovation mode, which we have institutionalized as a core competency of the 
firm. Our original strategic plan was to start in corporate advisory and then quickly move into 
private equity, followed by a succession of other asset management businesses over time. We 
only entered a new area when we saw the opportunity to generate great risk-adjusted returns for 
our customers; we identified a remarkable leader; and the new area created intellectual capital 
that benefited the rest of the firm. For example, we entered the hedge fund-of-funds business in 
1990; real estate in 1991 when values had collapsed following the savings and loan crisis; and 
credit in 1998, which we expanded substantially in 2008 ahead of the generational investment 
opportunities that arose from the global financial crisis. In 2011, we launched a dedicated private 
wealth business. The following year, we created tactical opportunities, and the year after that, we 
entered the nascent secondaries market for drawdown funds. In 2017, we launched our 
infrastructure strategy; in 2018, we started both our insurance solutions management and life 
sciences businesses; and in 2020 we launched our first growth equity fund. Today, nearly all of 
these major lines of business are market leaders in their respective asset classes, with exceptional 
long-term performance.  
 
There are many advantages that come from our unique scale. With our portfolio of over 230 
companies, 12,000 real estate assets and one of the largest lending businesses in the world, we 
believe that we have more information than just about anyone competing with us. We specialize 
in the production and analysis of enormous amounts of data, which we review every week in our 
Monday morning meetings with each of our major product lines. This process, done over 35 
years, helps us identify trends before others and adjust where we invest our clients' capital. This 
also allows us to maintain a hands-on management style, keeps our professionals fully 
connected, and supports centralized decision-making. 
 
Our focus on data aggregation and analysis also led us to establish our own data science group as 
early as 2015. We started building a team of exceptional data scientists, which today numbers 
over 50 people, and we are rapidly and significantly expanding our capabilities in artificial 
intelligence. We have been using AI to help improve operations in our portfolio companies as 
well as at Blackstone itself. We believe that the new generation of AI has the potential to 
transform companies and industries, and the timeliness and effectiveness of its implementation 

  2 
 



   
 

will be determinative of who the winners and losers will be. Blackstone fortunately is in an 
enviable position in the alternative asset world, with an eight-year head start in this field, and we 
are committed to further expanding our leadership position there as quickly as possible. 
 
Our growth, along with our commitment to meritocracy, have also allowed us to attract and 
retain great talent. Many of the best people in the world want to work here at Blackstone. This 
year we had 62,000 unique applicants for 169 first-year analyst positions, equating to a selection 
rate of less than 0.3%. Getting an entry-level job at Blackstone is twelve times harder than 
getting into Harvard. I doubt I'd be able to be hired today! Not sure that's a great thing.  
 
Our scale has also made the firm even safer. We were an A+ rated manager of third-party capital, 
distributed across hundreds of segregated investment vehicles. We don't depend on deposits for 
our funding, and the vast majority of our capital is under long-term contracts or perpetual, which 
we carefully aligned with the duration of our investments. We don't operate with a cross-
collateralized balance sheet like depository institutions. We have virtually no net leverage at the 
parent company, compared to U.S. banks with an average of twelve-times leverage, and we have 
no insurance liabilities. We've always believed in extreme conservatism in managing our capital 
structure and the structure of our funds.  
 
As the largest manager today, Blackstone has led the adoption of alternatives which have 
revolutionized the field of investment management. When we started in 1985, alternatives were 
basically limited to private equity, and there were only a few public pension funds and insurance 
companies who invested in the asset class. Endowments, sovereign wealth funds and retail 
investors, for example, had virtually no participation. Over the subsequent four decades, 
alternatives have grown to $12 trillion of assets. But this is still small compared to the $225 
trillion of liquid stocks and bonds. With a minimal share of total investable assets today, we 
expect alternatives to expand substantially in the future. I believe that Blackstone, given our 
unique brand and global reach, is the best positioned firm in the world to capture future 
opportunities for growth in the alternatives area. The most compelling of these today include: 
private credit and insurance; infrastructure globally; energy transition; life sciences; the develop 
of the alternatives business in Asia; and the private wealth channel, where the democratization of 
alternatives is in its early stages. Jon will discuss these areas in more detail.  
 
Our mission, since 1985, is to be the best in the world at what we choose to do. Even as we've 
grown, we've never strayed from this mission or from the core values that have defined us, 
including excellence, integrity, meritocracy, teamwork and dedication to serving our customers. 
To work at our firm, you must believe in our mission and embody these values. Blackstone is an 
extraordinary place, and our prospects are accelerating. We never rest on our achievements and 
we're always looking ahead, striving to lift the firm to new heights. I strongly believe the best is 
ahead for Blackstone, investors in our funds, and our shareholders.  
 
And with that – I'll turn the ball over to Jon.  
  
Jon Gray: Thank you Steve, and good morning everyone.  
 

  3 
 



   
 

$1 trillion is a mile marker on a much longer journey, and we are early in our expansion into 
markets of enormous potential.  
 
Of course, it all starts with investment performance. In our drawdown funds, we've delivered 
15% net returns annually in corporate private equity and opportunistic real estate for over 30 
years; 15% in secondaries; 12% in tactical opportunities; and 10% in credit. In our perpetual 
strategies, which remain continuously invested, we've generated 14% net returns in 
infrastructure; 12% for BREIT's largest share class; and 9% for our institutional core-plus real 
estate funds. And for our major insurance clients, we produced over 150 basis points of excess 
spread over the past six quarters compared to investment grade credit with similar ratings – or 
said another way, without adding incremental risk. 
 
There are a number of drivers of our outperformance, but as we've grown, picking the right 
sectors and markets has become more important than ever. Where you invest matters, and we 
continue to benefit from our thematic emphasis on winning areas like global logistics, digital 
infrastructure and energy transition. In the second quarter, these sectors were among the largest 
drivers of appreciation in our funds. It's worth noting, we're also seeing strong signs of inflation 
slowing across our portfolio, which we view as extremely positive for the rate environment 
going forward, along with valuations for companies and our real estate holdings in particular. 
Michael will discuss our portfolio positioning and Q2 returns in more detail.  
 
The strength of our investment performance over decades allows us to raise scale capital, even in 
a very challenging fundraising environment. Total inflows reached $30 billion in the second 
quarter and $158 billion over the past twelve months, positioning us with record dry powder of 
nearly $200 billion. The greatest demand today is for private credit solutions, and our corporate 
credit, insurance and real estate debt businesses comprised over 50% of Q2 inflows. In our 
drawdown fund area, we raised additional capital for our corporate PE flagship, bringing it to 
approximately $17 billion, and we expect a total size in the low-20s billion-dollar range. We also 
held an accelerated first close of $1.3 billion for our European real estate flagship and expect 
another close later this month. Overall, we've raised nearly 75% of our $150 billion target and 
remain on track to substantially achieve it by early 2024. 
 
Stepping back, Steve highlighted a number of areas with particularly attractive long-term 
dynamics for our business.  
 
Starting with credit, where there is a structural shift underway in the market. Traditional 
financing providers are cautious while, at the same time, both LP demand and borrower need for 
credit solutions are accelerating. Long-term investors, including insurance companies and 
institutional LPs, hold large portfolios of liquid investment-grade credit assets, typically 
purchased from banks and intermediaries. With our $362 billion platform in credit and real estate 
credit, we have leading capabilities to directly and efficiently originate high-quality assets on 
their behalf. We're also partnering with banks and other originators that are facing greater 
lending constraints but want to continue to serve their customers, in areas like home 
improvement, auto finance and renewables. We've closed or have in process five of these 
partnerships totaling $6 billion, and plan to add more.  
 

  4 
 



   
 

In the $40 trillion insurance channel, we manage $174 billion today. Inflows from this channel 
were over $7 billion in the second quarter, with more than $4 billion from our largest four 
clients. We expect a strong pace of inflows from them going forward - including from two of our 
clients who, on a combined basis, are the second largest sellers of fixed annuities in the U.S. - 
along with a pipeline of additional prospects. Other areas in our credit business are showing 
strong momentum as well. Our global direct lending platform is over $100 billion today, and we 
see attractive expansion opportunities in the U.S., Europe and Asia. BCRED raised $1.8 billion 
in the second quarter, up nearly 60% from Q1, plus approximately $900 million of monthly 
subscriptions on July 1. And we expect to complete raising our green energy credit vehicle in a 
few weeks at over $7 billion.  
 
Turning to infrastructure. Our perpetual BIP strategy is one of our fastest growing areas, up 25% 
year over year to $37 billion. There will be massive funding needs over the next 15-20 years for 
infrastructure projects globally, notably including digital infrastructure and energy transition, 
where we are building sizable platforms. First, in digital infrastructure: there's a well-publicized 
arms race happening in AI, and the major tech companies are expected to invest $1 trillion over 
the next five years in this area, mostly to data centers. In 2021, we privatized the QTS data center 
business in BREIT, BIP and BPP for $10 billion, and it's showing extraordinary momentum, 
with more capacity leased in the last two years than in the previous seventeen. We expect our 
investors will benefit significantly from the powerful tailwinds in this rapidly growing sector. 
 
In energy transition: Decarbonization is projected to require $4.5 trillion of annual investment 
over the next 25 years, further supported by legislative action globally. This has been one of our 
busiest areas, in BIP and also our dedicated energy transition private equity and credit funds. The 
firm's two largest commitments in the second quarter were: a stake in a major utility to support 
its transition from significant coal-powered generation to 0% in five years; and additional growth 
capital for our portfolio company Invenergy, the nation's largest private renewables developer. 
We believe the need for scale capital and expertise in this area will only increase over time.  
 
Moving to life sciences. Major advances in genomics and precision medicines, coupled with a 
historic shift in the funding model for drug development, have created an unprecedented 
opportunity. We've established an extensive life sciences ecosystem at Blackstone, with 
substantial capabilities and portfolio holdings across the firm. Our dedicated BXLS business, has 
been actively deploying capital in partnership with major bio/pharmaceutical and med-tech 
companies, most recently to support development of vaccines for pneumonia. We've also 
assembled the world's largest private lab office platform in real estate, concentrated in great 
markets like Cambridge, Massachusetts.   
 
Asia represents another significant opportunity for our firm, cutting across both business lines 
and distribution channels. India is projected to remain one of the fastest growing major 
economies in the world, and it's no coincidence the country is our third-largest market for equity 
investing, after the U.S. and U.K. In real estate, we even changed the landscape by working 
alongside regulators to launch India's first public REITs. Meanwhile, Japan is in early stages of 
its trajectory, both in terms of large investors starting to allocate to alternatives, as well as 
deployment opportunities as the market opens to outside capital. Overall, there is substantial 
runway ahead for our business in Asia. 

  5 
 



   
 

 
Finally, moving to our private wealth platform. We've established the world's leading 
alternatives business, with approximately $240 billion of AUM. But this is an $80 trillion 
market, with low single-digit allocations to alternatives today. Morgan Stanley's research team 
recently cited estimates of allocations rising to 10%-20% over time. This is further substantiated 
by the discussions we have with the major distributors, who tell us they want significantly more 
exposure to our products. Although we do face some near-term headwinds, BCRED's flows have 
been accelerating as I mentioned. And for BREIT, June was the lowest month so far this year in 
terms of share redemption requests – down nearly 30% from the January peak. Longer-term, we 
remain confident in the re-acceleration of growth in this channel given our portfolio positioning 
and exceptional performance.  
 
In closing – we are highly energized about the firm's prospects. We're focused on the open space 
in front of us, and we are building simple, scalable, and repeatable businesses to tackle 
opportunities of tremendous size. I could not have more confidence in Blackstone's future. 
 
And with that, I will turn things over to Michael.  
  
Michael Chae: Thanks Jon, and good morning everyone. 
 
In the second quarter, which began amid the bank crisis and related market volatility, the firm 
delivered steady financial results and resilient fund performance.  
 
Starting with results. Our expansive breadth of growth engines lifted AUM to new record levels, 
as you've heard this morning. Total AUM increased 6% year over year to $1 trillion. Fee Earning 
AUM rose 7% year over year to $731 billion, driving management fees up 9% to a record $1.7 
billion. Notably, the second quarter marked the 54th consecutive quarter of year over year 
growth in base management fees at Blackstone. Fee related earnings increased 12% year over 
year to $1.1 billion, or $0.94 per share, powered by the growth and management fees coupled 
with the firm's robust margin position.  
 
FRE rose 10% sequentially from Q1, as fee related performance revenues nearly doubled quarter 
over quarter to $267 million, even without contribution from BREIT, driven by multiple other 
perpetual capital vehicles in real estate and credit. As noted previously, we expect these revenues 
to further accelerate in the second half of this year, concentrated in Q4, with a number of 
scheduled crystallization events in the BPP platform.  
 
Distributable earnings were $1.2 billion in the second quarter, or $0.93 per share, which was 
largely stable with Q1. The year over year comparison was affected by a material decline in net 
realizations from last year's record quarter. As expected, sales activity has remained muted 
against a slow transaction backdrop generally. However, we did execute the sales of public stock 
in certain of our private equity holdings; along with a portfolio of U.S. warehouses to Prologis 
for $3.1 billion, at an attractive cap rate of 4% - a positive indication of value for the $175 billion 
of warehouses we continue to own, which are the firm's largest exposure. Realizations in the 
quarter also included BREIT’s sale of a resort hotel for $800 million, reflecting a 22% premium 

  6 
 



   
 

to its December carrying value and a multiple of invested capital of 2.2 times. These sales 
illustrate the exceptional quality and embedded value of our portfolio.  
 
Stepping back, our model, focused on long-term committed capital, keeps us from being forced 
sellers when markets are less favorable. During these periods, as we've seen in past cycles, the 
portion of our earnings related to realizations is interrupted, but ultimately re-emerges as markets 
heal. In the meantime, the firm's underlying earnings power continues to build. Performance 
revenue eligible AUM in the ground increased in the second quarter to a record $504 billion, and 
has more than doubled in the past three years. Net accrued performance revenue on the balance 
sheet – the firm's “store of value” – grew sequentially to $6.5 billion, or $5.31 per share. In the 
context of more supportive markets, we are well positioned for an acceleration in realizations 
over time.  
 
Turning to investment performance. Nearly all of our flagship strategies reported positive 
appreciation in the second quarter. The corporate private equity funds appreciated 3.5%, with our 
operating companies reporting robust revenue growth of 12% year over year, along with 
expanding margins overall. These trends reflect our favorable sector positioning and focus on 
high-quality businesses with pricing power, coupled with cost deceleration.  
 
In real estate, the core-plus funds appreciated 1.7% in the quarter while the BREP opportunistic 
funds were stable. We are seeing sustained strength in our key sectors in terms of cash flow 
growth. Half of our owned real estate is in logistics, student housing and data centers, which 
have experienced double-digit year over year growth in market rents. In our U.S. rental housing 
holdings overall, fundamentals are stable, with cash flows increasing at a high single-digit rate. 
For BREIT, over 80% of the portfolio is concentrated in these sectors, leading to strong same-
store NOI growth of approximately 7.5% in the first half of the year. Looking forward, an 
environment of lower inflation and lower interest rates should be very favorable for our real 
estate portfolio overall.  
 
In credit, the private and liquid credit strategies appreciated 3.3% and 2.8%, respectively, in the 
second quarter, reflective of a healthy portfolio generating strong current income. Despite a 
moderate uptick in broader market default rates, which we do expect to rise further, in our non-
investment grade portfolio defaults remain low at less than 1%. Finally, in BAAM, the BPS 
Gross Composite Return was 1.9% in Q2, representing the 13th consecutive quarter of positive 
performance. Over the past several years, BAAM has done an outstanding job protecting 
investor capital in an environment of significant volatility in liquid markets. Since the start of 
2021, the BPS composite net return is up over 14%, compared to 1% for the traditional “60/40” 
portfolio.  
 
Overall, the resiliency and strength of the firm's returns, over many years, is the foundation of 
the extraordinary growth we've achieved.  
 
In closing, the firm continues on a path of an expanding asset base, reaching $1 trillion today 
and, we believe, ultimately well beyond. From the beginning, we've taken a very long-term view 
towards building an enduring business at Blackstone. Today, as the reference institution in our 
industry, we have the distinctive assets of our brand and reputation, our scale, and our culture –  

  7 
 



   
 

a culture defined by decades of performance and innovation. This is what has powered our 
success to date, and what we believe will propel our future. 
 
With that, we thank you for joining the call and would like to open it up now for questions. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Just a reminder please press star one on your telephone keypad to ask a 
question. We ask you limit yourself to one question to allow everyone an opportunity to ask their 
question. We’ll go first to Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. 
  
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning, Steve, Jon. Thank you for taking my question and congrats 
on hitting $1 trillion. It feels like just a few years ago you were around $70 billion at the IPO. 
My question is on the expanding opportunity inside the U.S. banking industry. So first, forming 
partnerships: I heard in the prepared remarks you have about five now, so building that out. Two, 
buying and originating assets, and three, maybe supplying capital at some point. So now that 
we're four months outside of the Silicon Valley Bank failure, can you provide us an update 
across these three verticals?  
  
Jon Gray: Sure Craig, and thank you for the kind words.  
 
You know, what we've seen here now is banks really recognizing that there's a natural 
partnership between their origination capabilities and some of the long-term capital we manage, 
particularly for insurance companies. So what we referenced in the prepared remarks was a 
number of these partnerships that we have formed and have executed or close to execute. We 
also have a decent pipeline behind that. And if you think about a bank with those strong 
customer relationships, if they're making five-, seven-, ten-year home improvement or equipment 
finance loans, to have a partner like us to take some of those makes a lot of sense. And so we're 
involved in a number of discussions with banks who want to maintain their relationships with 
customers, but either shrink their balance sheet or do other things to create capacity. I would also 
point out with the larger financial institutions, there are things to do with them to provide some 
balance sheet relief. We've been doing a number of those items with different pools of capital. 
So, I think what's happening is good for the financial system. It's good for the banks and it's 
obviously good for our customers, and we expect this will grow significantly over time. 
  
Steve Schwarzman: One thing I'd add is it’s just not a U.S. phenomenon. This is very much 
U.S. and European, where everybody's feeling the pinch from regulatory pressure. They like to 
keep their customer, they like to keep producing assets, but they just don't have the balance 
sheets to hold all of them. So that's a particularly interesting area for us.  
  
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you guys.  
  
Moderator: We'll go next to Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.  
  
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So big-picture question 
for you guys on a credit cycle. If we look across the financial system, credit loss is coming in 
better than feared, whether it's C&I loans at the banks or in credit and private credit. Some of this 
perhaps relates to limited debt maturities, perhaps, but also it seems like the impact of rate hikes 

  8 
 



   
 

is maybe less potent than feared. So just curious to your views and outlook here. And if we look 
at the private credit markets, maybe you could just remind us how much of the rate risk is 
hedged, and for how long, and how do you see this all playing out?  
  
Jon Gray: So Mike, I would say everybody has been surprised, given the rapidity at which the 
Fed has raised rates and how high they've taken rates, that there hasn't been more distress. 
Interestingly, today, if you look at the overall market, default rates, in leveraged loans for 
instance, are still below the long-term average. They're approaching it, they're at 2.7%. I think 
the long-term average is 3%. They got up to 13-14% during the Global Financial Crisis. What I 
would say, and by the way in our own portfolio, those defaults are still less than 1%. So, I think 
it's a function of a couple things. It may be some hedges certainly in place, as people put in place 
some longer-term protection. But I think the biggest component of it is the strength of the 
earnings of the companies. Michael referenced in our own portfolio that 12% revenue growth. 
We're seeing strong revenue and EBITDA growth across our borrowers and that is obviously 
helping. Companies in areas like technology are obviously looking at their cost structures, 
becoming more profit focused. I think it's earnings growth that has supported this. I think it's a 
fair question, which is as you look out over time, if the economy does moderate as we expect, 
rates stay elevated, would you expect more defaults going forward? And I think the answer to 
that is yes, but I don't think this is like ‘08, ‘09. I don't think we have the kinds of over leverage 
we had back then. And just to point it out, if you look at BCRED, our non-traded BDC, its 
average loan-to-value was 43% on its book. And much of that, of course, was originated prior to 
this rate hike. And if you contrast that to the ‘06, ‘07 period, when leverage levels were 70+%, I 
think that's another reason people don't focus on why you have more of a cushion here and less 
distress. So, picture today on the ground, certainly better than people would expect. Going 
forward, we'd expect that things will get tougher, but not nearly as bad as that last cycle.  
  
Michael Chae: Hey, Jon, let me just add in on that. Hey, Mike, it's Michael. 
 
Just focusing on our outperformance versus the overall market with respect to default rates. And 
it has been pronounced. It's important, I think to highlight sort of our relative position and focus. 
And our team would call it the three S's: scale, sector selection and seniority. On scale, we're 
obviously a large player. We are focused on larger issuers. And we believe, overall, it's already 
been shown in a high-inflation world, larger companies are more resilient with respect to 
performance through the cycles. And, again, that's been shown, I think, in terms of more options 
to respond to a rising cost inflation environment recently. Second, on sector selection, if you look 
at our portfolio versus sort of the industry average, our focus in recent years, away from 
cyclicals, some consumer discretionary companies, certain industrial companies, has, I think, 
really paid off. And then, with respect to seniority, which Jon touched on in addition to loan to 
value, 98% basically, of our direct lending portfolio in BCRED is senior secured. And actually, 
even our peers in the direct lending area are substantially lower than that, in some cases 70-75%. 
And so that is the top of the capital stack, and that is very protective. I think Jon talked about the 
overall sort of default rates in the path, and we do expect them to rise for the market overall and 
for us, but our sort of experience and outperformance on default rates, which has been both 
historical and current, I think has some underlying drivers that are important to highlight.  
  
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you.  

  9 
 



   
 

 
Moderator: We'll go next to Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI. 
  
Glenn Schorr: Hi, thanks very much. Maybe big picture on real estate in general, I'm curious if 
where the 10-year has been kind of in the same range for a while now, even as we get in the last 
of the short-end rate hikes. So, I think cap rates have leveled off as well. Maybe you could take a 
snapshot on where you think we're at leverage-wise, debt service coverage-wise, and what the 
sales pitch for real estate in general is going to be if that's an environment that we're in over the 
next handful of years. Thanks.  
  
Jon Gray: Well Glenn, I would say that there continues to be pretty significant bifurcation in 
commercial real estate. We've talked about it in the past. Certain sectors face real underlying 
fundamental headwinds. That would be notably the office space in the U.S., which we've talked 
about is less than 2% of our own portfolio. And there I still think we have a ways to go in terms 
of what will be, I think, continued challenges going forward, and there will be more foreclosures 
and more markdowns coming in portfolios. We continue to see in a number of sectors, 
particularly our largest sector, logistics, very strong underlying fundamentals where rents are 
growing globally around double-digits, other areas like student housing with real strength, data 
centers, which we talked about in the remarks, again, real strength. And then other sectors, I'd 
say somewhere in between. Those top three sectors I mentioned represent 50% of our global 
portfolio. And so what I would say is, in better sectors, where the fundamentals are good, the fact 
that rates seem to - the long end - seem, to have reached a level and may be heading lower, we'll 
see, I think they'll stick around here given the short end, and at some point here, 12, 24 months 
from now, the Fed will start to take the short end down. That’s obviously positive. Because to 
your point, cap rate pressure is very tied to rate, and so, if we're at a point in the cycle where the 
risk of rates going much higher is off the table, that's helpful to real estate. The other helpful 
pitch in real estate is you're seeing a sharp decline in new supply. So in logistics for instance, 
we've seen a decline of new starts around 40-50% depending on markets. Housing supply is 
down aggregately about 20+% from where it was, and you're seeing it in hotels and other areas. 
And so, if you think about coming out of this over time as investors, if you can invest in sectors 
where the underlying vacancy rates are low today, there's going to be less building and interest 
rates are no longer a major threat. If the asset's been marked to sort of the new market, then we 
think there's significant opportunity, and that I think is really the pitch. Today the area we're 
most active in is actually European real estate, particularly in logistics, because the sentiment 
around European real estate is so negative, and yet if you look at, for instance, rental growth in 
UK logistics, it's incredibly strong. I think we're in a moment where everybody's extrapolating 
what's happening in office buildings, becoming incredibly negative about the sector, but that's 
going to create some real opportunities. And to your point on debt, there will be need for people 
to sell and inject capital because of the higher debt costs that are out there. So, I think sector 
selection really matters as we talk about, and then these tailwinds around rates leveling off and 
new supply coming down should be very helpful to the asset class over time.  
 
Glenn Schorr: Thanks so much Jon. 
  
Moderator: We'll go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.  
  

  10 
 



   
 

Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning. Maybe if you could talk about maybe two of your 
fastest-growing platforms – direct lending, I think you mentioned $100 billion, and then also the 
energy transition platform. If you add up all your products together, maybe if you could size 
that? I know it can be difficult because obviously some of the infrastructure and energy products 
are a blend of transition and core. But I don't know if you can decide that. And if you think about 
over the next three years, I don't know if you can actually have a sort of a projection on where 
the size of those platforms could be in three years. If not, maybe I don't think that they will be a 
larger share of your overall franchise or not.  
  
Jon Gray: I would say on the energy transition side, we're in early days. We just are finishing 
off raising this $7 billion energy transition credit fund. We're in the market with our energy 
equity fund, which we expect will be probably $4 billion plus. And then energy transition, 
energy is a meaningful chunk of our $37 billion infrastructure business, it's probably a third of 
that capital, but probably the fastest growing. If you went, and by the way we also have 
embedded in our private equity business, a bunch of energy transition investments there, and in 
our core private equity business, so you would have to go through it. I don't have the numbers 
handy is where this would be, but you've got a number of areas we're deploying capital in energy 
transition. If you looked in the quarter, as I said, the two biggest investments we made were an 
investment in a Northern Indiana utility business, a couple billion dollars we invested to help 
them facilitate the energy transition. And then we also had another $1 billion we put into 
Invenergy, our large-scale renewables developer. So I would say because the size of the market 
is growing so quickly, and investor desire for exposure to this is growing as well, we think this 
can be a lot bigger. I don't know if we have a number, we said publicly a couple of years ago that 
we expected to invest $100 billion over the decade; we said that two years ago. I would say when 
you look at Blackstone over time, this will be an area of a lot of capital needs. And the good 
news is, the investors want it; it can be very large, very scalable. And so we expect that this will 
accelerate. The IRA in the U.S. has made a big difference. There was 250 billion of large-scale 
renewable projects announced in the last seven years, and there was an equal amount announced 
in the last year basically since the IRA passing. We would say very large-scale opportunity and 
should result in a new area for us to grow and generate incremental fees and returns for investors.  
  
Michael Chae: Right, just to add to that with the numbers, it’s Michael. The sort of fair market 
value of our energy transition portfolio today is over $20 billion. And there's committed capital 
that, shortly that's going to be invested and increase that number. And obviously we have funds 
pointed at investing in that area in the near term. That number will grow, but in terms of what we 
own today, it’s in that ballpark.  
  
Brian Bedell: Yeah, that's great. And then on the direct lending side, I know you said $100 
billion, and you've got obviously the bank partnerships and the strong pipeline. Any capacity 
constraints that would limit the growth potential of that franchise, just in the context, obviously, 
of the good trends versus with banks coming back?  
  
Jon Gray: Well, I think near term, the opportunity set is pretty large. Private equity firms and 
other companies need this access to capital. The certainty direct lending provides, I think has 
proven to be very valuable, particularly for new transactions. We would expect, as deal volume 
picks up, this area should pick up as well. We've seen our pipeline grow more than double in the 

  11 
 



   
 

last 90 days in direct lending. We don't see a reason why this should slow down. You know, at 
some point markets change and so forth, but if you look at direct lending as a percentage of the 
overall leveraged lending and high-yield market, I still think there's plenty of room for this to 
grow. So, we think it's early days still in this shift.  
  
Weston Tucker: Great, thanks Brian. 
  
Brian Bedell: That’s great, thank you! 
 
Moderator: We'll go next to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.  
  
Alex Blostein: Hi everybody, good morning, thanks for the question. So Jon, maybe a question 
on the broader capital markets environment. We've seen some green shoots with a couple IPOs, a 
couple of deal announcements – how are you sort of thinking about capital velocity for 
Blackstone over the next call it six to twelve months or so? And importantly, as some of that 
flywheel activity resumes, how do you expect it to reaccelerate fundraising? Meaning are there 
some strategies that are likely to see more pent-up demand once this capital market cycle sort of 
resumes versus less? Just curious to kind of get your thoughts on environment/fundraising. 
  
Jon Gray: Yeah, Alex, you're right. It's all interconnected, right? Because if you think about our 
clients and their numerator and denominator, it's obviously very tied to what's happening in the 
market. So, their denominator is...and today their challenge is, in many cases, they're over their 
allocations. Let's say they have a 13% allocation to private equity and they're at 15 or 16%. As 
equity markets rally, then that frees up capital for them to potentially allocate to privates again. 
At the same time as equity markets rally, IPO and M&A activity picks up and so private equity 
sponsors, real estate sponsors can sell assets, again reducing the exposure in the numerator. So, 
these things are tied, we've been through these cycles many times. Our expectation is you will 
see a pickup in activity. The reason why is inflation uncertainty makes it hard to do M&A and 
IPOs. You had a lot of uncertainty around the banking issues, you had uncertainty around 
inflation and uncertainty in how far the Fed would go. And the contours of that looks a little 
more certain and I think that's one of the reasons why markets are getting more enthused. Now, 
is it possible we see an economic slowdown, the markets pull back a bit? It's too early to sort of 
put out an all-clear sign here, but I think we are beginning to see to see this pick-up in activity, 
and as markets rally, that tends to lead people to have more confidence to transact, which plays 
its way through ultimately to our customers. Right now, we're still, there's a bit of a lag as you 
think about it in terms of fundraising activity, but a sustained good period for markets is very 
helpful for our ability to raise capital, particularly from institutional investors, also from 
individual investors. 
  
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Alex.  
  
Moderator: We'll go next to Adam Beatty with UBS  
  
Adam Beatty: Oh, thank you and good morning. Want to ask about the retail wealth 
management channel. Seems like even though redemptions are still elevated, on  

  12 
 



   
 

the BCRED side, looks like subscriptions are relatively healthy and accelerating. So, it seems 
that the channel as such is definitely improving. On the BREIT side, gross subscriptions maybe 
not quite so much. Just wanted to get your thoughts on what you're hearing and seeing from the 
channel and maybe the outlook for the back half. Thank you.  
  
Jon Gray: Well, you hit it. In BCRED, there's obviously a lot of enthusiasm for private credit 
today given the attractive risk return, the equity-like returns, taking debt-like risk. And so, we 
have seen strong flows there. Q2, I think we said, we’re up 60% versus the flows in Q1, and 
that's obviously a positive. In BREIT, there is more negative sentiment, obviously around 
commercial real estate and there was a lot of focus here. As we said in the remarks, the good 
news is share redemptions are down nearly 30% from where they were at the beginning of the 
year. The subscriptions remain muted, but we would expect that continued strong performance. 
We did have three positive months here in a row which is obviously helpful. Some of the overall 
negative sentiment in markets and negative sentiment in commercial real estate, some of that 
abating will ultimately change that dialogue. When that happens, it's hard to project. I think the 
key thing, if you think about the product, is the customers have had a really terrific experience 
inside of BREIT. They've been delivered in the largest share class a 12% net return over six and 
a half years, three times the public REIT market. And it's that performance which ultimately, we 
think, will drive people coming back to the product and the structure, the redemption structure, 
the semi-liquid nature, still allowing people to get capital out, but doing it over time and 
preserving value, I think has been really important. Our confidence in BREIT remains really 
high. When that turns, it's hard to say, but certainly getting through the redemption backlog over 
time will be helpful in that regard.  
  
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Adam.  
 
Adam Beatty: Appreciate it. Thanks Jon.  
  
Moderator: We'll go next to Patrick Davitt with Autonomous Research. 
  
Patrick Davitt: Hey, good morning everyone. Yesterday, the FTC released its planned draft 
merger guidelines which appeared to crack down particularly hard on platform and roll-up 
strategies that private equity firms have used to create some of their best outcomes. Firstly, do 
you have any initial thoughts on how big of an impact those changes could have on how your 
investment process works? And secondly, if you can, try to frame how much of your historical 
deal volume has been a result of platform and roll-up strategies? Thank you.  
  
Jon Gray: We believe that what the FTC announced was really just a codification of the way 
they've been operating the last three years. They have had this more assertive approach towards 
mergers, and we've been operating in that environment already. For us, we haven't seen it as 
large of an impact as one might expect because oftentimes, we're not present in a given market, 
so buying things is not as big of an issue. We have had some strategies where we have done 
additional acquisitions, roll-ups; that hasn't been a huge portion of our activity in corporate 
private equity. And remember, so many of the things we do, secondaries, real estate, private 
credit, are not related here. But in corporate private equity on the acquisition side, it hasn't been a 
major issue. I'd say where it's more impactful is when we're looking to exit some of our 

  13 
 



   
 

businesses and we're talking to strategics. And there, there's a real consideration now about what 
is the likelihood of something getting through. And so that has had an impact on our thinking on 
what relative attractiveness of non-strategic players relative to strategic players. I would say that 
this has been a reality of the marketplace for some time. We've been navigating through it, and 
we feel confident we'll continue to navigate through it and the key area of focus is really when 
we're looking at dispositions potentially to strategic players.  
 
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Patrick 
  
Patrick Davitt: Helpful, thank you.  
  
Moderator: We'll go next to Ben Budish with Barclays. 
  
Weston Tucker: Hi Ben, you’re live on the line. 
 
Ben Budish: Hi, sorry about that, still on mute. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask 
about your fee-related performance revenues. They kind of surprised in the quarter, and it sounds 
like you're still expecting an acceleration in the back half. Is there any way you could sort of size 
up, a little bit, kind of the magnitude of that acceleration? And then just sort of thinking about 
next year, I know there's often like a three-year crystallization schedule outside of what we 
expect from BREIT, so any thoughts on what we should expect from '23 to '24 based on what 
you're seeing right now? Thanks.  
  
Michael Chae: Sure, Ben. It's Michael. We've been saying since early in the year that, 
specifically that on BPP fee-related performance revenues, we were scheduled to have four, and 
we are scheduled to have four times more AUM crystallizing this year than last year with a ramp 
really in the second half of the year and that's what you're seeing playing out. Just to put some 
further granularity on that, right now about 60% of the net accrued performance revenue balance 
for BPP, which you can see in our quarterly report, represents vehicles with scheduled 
crystallizations in the second half, and that's substantially weighted towards the fourth quarter. 
So that should give you some texture around it. That sort of AUM schedule to crystallize next 
year for BPP will be lower than this year, but alongside that, our infrastructure fund will see a 
significant crystallization event next year. And then I'd actually also highlight on fee-related 
performance revenues, and we don't necessarily talk about a lot, we're not asked about a lot, but 
on BCRED and BXSL, our two credit direct lending perpetual vehicles, they have sort of 
steadily expanding earnings power, and you can actually see it in the numbers, and obviously 
both generate quite predictable fees each quarter based on investment income. And in the second 
quarter, those comprised approximately half of our fee-related performance revenues, and taken 
together, they're up 67% actually year over year. So that is a steady sort of embedded, I think, 
positive thing in our fee-related performance revenue. As I said in my remarks, there are multiple 
products at work here that are in position to generate fee-related performance revenues over 
time.  
 
Weston Tucker: Thanks for the question, Ben. 
 
Ben Budish: Great, thanks, bye.  

  14 
 



   
 

Moderator: We'll go next to Brian McKenna with JMP Securities.  
  
Brian McKenna: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So just following up on your 
comments on Asia, performance for your first BCP Asia fund has been strong with net returns of 
27%, and then it looks like the second fund is off to a strong start as well. Could you talk about 
what's driving the healthy performance here? And then just in terms of building out your 
capabilities and scale in the region more broadly, I'm assuming you look to do this organically, 
but would you ever look to strategic M&A to help accelerate growth here?  
  
Jon Gray: So, the real story for us in Asia has been India. Our team there has really delivered, 
particularly in private equity. Amit Dixit and the team have delivered amongst our highest 
returns globally in India. And it's represented, frankly, in real estate and private equity, about 
half of our Asia activities. And we had different weightings, I think, than others in the region, 
and that's going to have turned out to be a very good decision. We've been a control-oriented 
investor in India, which we think is the right strategy. We're also seeing very good opportunities 
in Japan today. That market is opening up to corporates selling off non-strategic divisions. We 
think we'll see more volume there. And frankly, across the region, there is more opportunity. 
China is a little more challenging, as you know because of the economic headwinds and some of 
the geopolitical issues, but in general, Asia can grow to be much larger. We don't really think we 
have the need to do an acquisition. We have eight plus, I guess, offices across the region, I was 
there this quarter. Our momentum in places like Australia, Korea, really strong, and we think it's 
a market that is underpenetrated as it relates to alternatives. And ultimately, we hope to have 
virtually all of our strategies in Asia at scale. So, we have a sizable Asia private equity fund, 
sizable Asia real estate fund, we’ve got a core-plus real estate fund in Asia and we're doing more 
on the credit side in that part of the world, hopefully we'll add growth. There are a lot of 
opportunities there given the scale of the place. Certainly India, which has been our largest 
market, I think will continue to be a mainstay for us just given the incredible tailwinds that 
country has today. 
  
Brian McKenna: Helpful, thanks Jon.  
 
Moderator: We'll go next to Mike Brown with KBW. 
 
Mike Brown: Great, thank you for taking my question. So, you're 75% of the way through the 
$150 billion drawdown fundraising target. Can you just touch on the key funds that will allow 
you to substantially achieve it by early 2024? And then outside of the drawdown fund, in the 
wealth channel, how do you think about the growth opportunities of this channel in coming years 
and are you anticipating launching some new product into that channel either later this or next 
year?  
  
Michael Chae: I'll just start, Mike, on the path from 75% to substantially completing that by 
early next year. Obviously some of the big funds we're in the market with is: BREP Europe, 
where we expect, we've had a first close, and we expect that to continue; BCP IX, obviously 
completing that over the coming quarters; our fifth real estate debt fund; and a number of other 
funds. Next year, we'll also be fundraising around our successor vehicles in life science, and also 
in our GP stakes fund. One thing I'd say as it relates to financial impact, we talk about sort of 

  15 
 



   
 

75%, but importantly, less than half of the $150 billion flagship fund is currently earning 
management fees. And so, because it obviously lags fundraise, because based on deployment, 
you light funds later after you close them, and that percentage will accelerate over the coming 
quarters into 2024. So that's sort of the picture on the path.  
  
Jon Gray: And then the question was around individual investor wealth, new products. Yeah, 
we are, I don't know if we're prepared to talk about the latest funds, but we do think there's more 
opportunity doing what we do today at greater scale in a different range of products. I think later 
this year we'll launch something new in one of the areas; we've already started small in Europe 
with some other products. There's a lot of opportunity, individual investors are just discovering 
the benefits of alternatives. These semi-liquid structures are new to many investors, and we think 
this is a long process. Our major competitive advantage is we started this much earlier than other 
people. We have a very large private wealth organization, Joan Solotar and her team have done a 
terrific job. Many people around people around the world. We've built up relationships with 
financial advisors. And then I think the thing that is hard to capture in numbers is the power of 
the Blackstone brand. We're able to start products, it's no different than us doing insurance on a 
capital-light basis. Our ability to create new products and for financial advisors and their 
customers to allocate more to us because of the confidence in the brand is really important. The 
real consideration for us is when we launch a new product, we have to make sure the structure is 
right and that the returns we generate are sufficient because ultimately, this is a very long-term 
partnership with the financial advisors and their underlying clients, so what we do has to work. 
And that's why we're so focused and we're deliberate in terms of the way we launch new 
products, but we definitely see more opportunity over time.  
  
Weston Tucker: Thanks for the question, Mike. 
  
Mike Brown: Great, thank you very much.  
  
Moderator: We'll go next to Rufus Hone with BMO Capital Markets.  
  
Rufus Home: Hi, thanks very much. Maybe if you could spend a minute on the FRE margin, 
you've done 58% through the first half of 2023. How do you think about that through the back 
half of the year? And if you could give some color around the expense side, you've shown some 
discipline on the fee-related comp ratio. I guess, can you help us think about core expense 
growth through the rest of the year? Any detail there would be really helpful, thank you.  
  
Michael Chae: Sure Rufus. Thanks for the question. As we've said pretty consistently, we 
encourage everyone to look at full year periods, not intra-year or quarterly periods with respect 
to margins. There's puts and takes from quarter to quarter and intra-year. So again, I'd say 
looking at full year 2023, we would just reiterate our prior comments around margin stability as 
compared to fiscal '22, the full year. In terms of components, I think you referenced this, 
recognizing that we've reported other operating expense down 2% in Q2, and that we do think 
that we bring a pretty disciplined approach to managing our costs. There are a couple caveats on 
that as you think about the second half. As you know, OpEx is seasonally higher in the second 
half typically, and also OpEx growth in the first half of the year benefited from the absence of 

  16 
 



   
 

COVID costs in this first half versus the presence of it a year ago. And so, we're all happy to say 
we're through those now, but the second half OpEx growth rate will not have that benefit. So 
that's a little bit of texture around it, but around both margin overall, comp ratio overall, I would 
just point you to the kind of full year period.  
  
Weston Tucker: Thanks, Rufus.  
 
Rufus Home: Thank you. 
  
 Moderator: We'll go next to Arnaud Giblat with BNP.  
  
Arnaud Giblat: Good morning. If I could come back to private credit. You talked a lot about the 
golden moment here, certainly looks like it when we look at the yields and terms. I'm just 
wondering about the deployment, which has been understandably slow. How does this evolve 
going forward if I suppose it's linked to capital markets healing, in which case perhaps there's a 
comeback from the leveraged loan market and more competition so the market share shifts? I'm 
just wondering how to think about that. Thank you. 
  
Jon Gray: So it's obviously tied to transaction volume, and as I said, we have begun to see a 
pickup which should lead to an acceleration of deployment in credit. These things are tied 
together. And yes, when people get enthused about credit, the leveraged loan market could and 
should see more flows. But I do think there is, on the direct lending side, a structural advantage 
of private credit because if you don't need to distribute that, if you're in the storage business, you 
can deliver to the borrower, the private equity sponsor, price certainty. And that's very hard for a 
financial institution who is selling it down and obviously wants to manage their risk. I think 
where it becomes more competitive is on existing loans, where somebody starts to look to 
refinance and when spreads tighten at some point, that's where the leveraged loan market 
becomes more competitive or the high yield market, if people believe that long rates have come 
down and spreads have come down. But in the new origination business, that's an area where I 
think direct lenders have a real sustainable advantage. It I think becomes more competitive for 
existing loans when in such time that the existing market tightens a fair amount. That hasn't 
happened yet, but that could in a better market. But overall transaction activity, to your point, is 
obviously tied to originations. And when both those things pick up, we think that's a positive 
thing.  
 
Arnaud Giblat: Thank you very much.   
  
Moderator: There are no additional questions in queue at this time. 
  
Weston Tucker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and look forward to   
following up after the call. 
 
[End of Audio] 
 
 
 

  17