Cushman & Wakefield
Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call
October 30, 2023

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023

CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS
Megan McGrath, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Michelle MacKay, Chief Executive Officer
Neil Johnston, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS
Anthony Paolone, JPMorgan
Alex Kramm, UBS
Ronald Kamdem, Morgan Stanley
Michael Griffin, Citi
Pat McIlwee, William Blair
Patrick O’Shaughnessy, Raymond James

PRESENTATION
Operator
Welcome to Cushman & Wakefield Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will
be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Please note, this event is being recorded.
It is now my pleasure to introduce Megan McGrath, Head of Investor Relations for Cushman & Wakefield.
Ms McGrath, you may begin the conference.
Megan McGrath
Thank you, and welcome to Cushman & Wakefield's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Earlier
today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the period. This release, along with
today's presentation, can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.cushmanwakefield.com.
Please turn to the page in our presentation labeled Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements.
Today's presentation contains forward-looking statements based on our current forecasts and estimates of
future events. These statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may differ
materially.
1
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures as outlined by SEC guidelines.
Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures, definitions of non-GAAP financial measures and
other related information are found within the financial tables of our earnings release and the appendix of
today's presentation.
Also, please note that throughout the presentation comparisons and growth rates are to the comparable
periods of 2022 and in local currency unless otherwise stated.
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Michelle MacKay.
Michelle MacKay
Thank you, Megan, and thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. I’m excited to kick off my second
earnings call as CEO.
Before we get into the numbers, I've often been asked what differentiates me as a leader. The answer is
simple: I have a bias to action. You can see that in what we've accomplished during the third quarter.
We made significant progress transforming our capital stack as we refinanced $1.4 billion of our 2025 term
loan. This initial move has pushed out our maturities and will reduce the Company's leverage by
approximately $200 million in 2025. There was strong interest in the offering; it was well oversubscribed
with more than 100 lenders in our term loan and more than 125 lenders in our bond. Additionally, we are
ahead of schedule on our $130 million cost-out target for this year. The strong execution contributed to the
sequential increase in our Q3 Adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.4%. Our Q3 Adjusted EBITDA performance of
$150 million outpaced our Q2 performance despite softening market conditions as we continue to make
choices that are in the Company's long-term interest regardless of the macro environment.
It's true, uncertainties remain, and we saw the transaction markets take another pause in mid-August when
rates moved higher. But even as transactional markets were idle during the quarter, we were not. We stayed
focused, taking the deliberate actions I just discussed to improve our balance sheet and reduce our cost
structure. What's really clear is that we have the right people, processes and capabilities to deliver for our
clients, employees and investors. We've done the things that we need to do to stabilize the business, which
puts us in the seat to make prudent and disciplined investments to ensure that we can capitalize on
opportunities as they arise for the future.
Now let me share some more detail on where we are in our strategic review and, more importantly, our goforward strategy.
As I previewed on our last earnings call, over the past several months we have completed a very thorough
assessment of our business segments, including detailed financial and capital allocation reviews, rigorous
scenario planning, and long-term secular and industry analysis. These activities were part of a strategic
road map we have created, and I'll share a bit more of that road map with you today.
The debt financing, cost-out efforts and strategic reviews that we executed on during the third quarter
comprise of the first phase of our strategic road map: strengthening our core. I feel very good about what
we've accomplished in a very short period of time, enabling us to move to the next stage: creating flexibility
and optionality. This means putting our company in the best possible position, both operationally and from
a balance sheet perspective, to make investments at the right time in the cycle. To this end, we are focused
on reducing our absolute level of leverage. As I noted earlier, we announced our intention to pay down the
remaining balance of the term loan of $193 million, and we are developing a plan for further incremental
debt reduction over the next several years. At the same time, we will also invest in compelling organic
growth opportunities in both Services and Brokerage. As part of this plan, we remain committed to hiring
2
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
and retaining with the ability to flex our spending, as appropriate. This will help ensure we're properly
staffed, both now and as the markets recover, so that we capitalize on future growth opportunities. We
expect to achieve these balance sheet and investment goals by improving our internally generated free
cash flow, which Neil will expand on in a moment, and by identifying and monetizing small noncore assets.
We believe that this sharpened focus on the optimal balance between reducing debt and accelerating
growth will be a long-term driver for shareholder value.
The final stage in our road map is all about sustainable long-term growth. We intend to achieve this by
continuing to diversify our revenue and drive market share gains through a differentiated, agile and clientcentric strategy. This means further partnering with our clients to help drive their business forward. We're
not just hiring brokers but arming these brokers with proprietary data, analytics and insights.
One example of how we've recently levered the power of the Cushman platform is a mandate that we've
won with a large global EV company by creating a cross-functional team from Advisory Services,
Technology and Business Development. We brought the client a bespoke solution informed by our unique
expertise and perspective and the knowledge of a full spectrum of professionals. When we do that, I'll bet
on our team against anyone else's.
We are also using our analytical capabilities to develop a view on where this company and our clients
should be positioned 5, 10 and even 20 years down the road. We are looking closely at mega trends in the
built world, factors such as technology, urbanization, geopolitics, climate change and demographics, and
layering these mega trends into distinct real estate subsectors across the stages of a typical real estate
cycle. This helps us to understand where in each cycle each sector sits and identify segments that we
believe will be disproportionately benefiting in terms of both growth and resiliency. This valuable proprietary
analysis led by our independent research team is only one example of how we are positioning the Company
to be opportunistic while continuing to provide independent, data-driven and highly tailored advice and
solutions for our clients.
It's clear to me that companies who will win in today's complex built world are those that can provide owners
and occupiers expert data-driven advice and solutions, as well as flawless execution. Our best-in-class
analytics, and the strength of our newly integrated team, positions us not only to uniquely meet that need
but also to gain share in a highly fragmented market.
As you can see, over the past several months, we have made significant strides in fine-tuning and beginning
to execute on our plan. We are pushing hard to create a more agile, resilient and efficient Cushman &
Wakefield that anticipates market trends and captures first-mover advantage where and when it really
matters. We will share more details each quarter as we pursue these goals. I view this process as an
ongoing evolution of the Company as we solidify our position as a premier global adviser in the built world.
As I finish, I'd like to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work as we navigate through this
uncertain operational environment. You impress me every day with your drive and dedication to go the
extra mile for our clients.
And now I'd like to hand the call over to Neil for a review of our third quarter financial results.
Neil Johnston
Thanks Michelle, and good afternoon everyone.
For the third quarter, we reported a sequential increase in both Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
margin despite a sequential decline in revenue. This demonstrates our commitment to enhancing
profitability through our continued focus on driving cost efficiencies in our business. During the quarter, we
3
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
also made significant progress on improving the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet, and saw
improvement in free cash flow with enhanced working capital efficiency.
Moving on to the details of the quarter, on the top line, while transactional markets remain challenged, we
saw an improvement in year-over-year Brokerage trends as we began to lap the difficult market conditions,
which began in late summer 2022. Third quarter fee revenue of $1.6 billion declined 11% versus the prior
year with Capital Markets revenue down 33%, Leasing revenue down 16% and PM/FM revenue down 1%.
We mentioned on our first quarter earnings call that due to a change in the gross contract reimbursables at
one of our facility services contracts, our PM/FM fee revenue would be reduced by roughly $90 million on
an annualized basis with no impact on total revenue or Adjusted EBITDA. Excluding the impact of this
change, PM/FM revenue was up roughly 2% in the quarter. Valuation and Other declined 18% in the third
quarter as the slowdown in transactions continue to result in lower valuation activity.
Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of $150 million was down 27% versus prior year, and our third quarter
Adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.4%.
During the quarter, we continued to benefit from our previously announced cost savings programs. We
have realized $98 million of gross savings year-to-date and expect to end the year slightly ahead of our
previously communicated $130 million target. We believe we've taken the appropriate level of cost-cutting
actions to rightsize the business for the current environment and the near-term recovery period. I'm pleased
with our team's execution on these actions, and we will continually pursue ways to operate more efficiently
and profitably regardless of the operating landscape.
Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.21, a decrease of $0.22 versus prior year.
Turning to our segments for the quarter, in the Americas, we saw a 26% year-over-year decline in
Brokerage revenues and a 1% decline in PM/FM. Excluding a contract change, PM/FM revenues in the
Americas grew 2.5%. The declines in Brokerage were across most asset types, principally due to the higher
interest rate environment and macroeconomic headwinds.
EMEA experienced a 14% year-over-year decline in Brokerage revenues. Leasing revenue was down 5%,
but year-over-year trends improved sequentially as our teams were able to successfully execute several
large deals during the quarter. Capital Markets revenue remained under pressure, down 32%, and EMEA
PM/FM revenue was up 4%.
Our APAC region reported a solid quarter with Brokerage revenue up 15% year-over-year as we
experienced growth in several countries, including Australia, India and Japan. Our PM/FM business in
APAC was down 2% primarily due to lower project management activity.
Adjusted EBITDA declined in the Americas and EMEA, principally driven by the lower Brokerage activity,
while EBITDA in APAC grew 44% driven by the improvements in Capital Markets.
As previously mentioned, we saw a significant improvement in free cash flow. Free cash flow for the third
quarter was $174 million versus $38 million in the third quarter of 2022. On a trailing 12-month basis, we
generated $152 million of free cash flow compared with $40 million a year ago.
During the third quarter, we refinanced the majority of the remaining $1.6 billion of our Term Loan B due
2025 with a combination of $1 billion of new Term Loan B due 2030 and $400 million of secured notes due
2031. We expect to repay the approximately $200 million of remaining Term Loan B due 2025 with cash
on hand. This moves our nearest significant funded debt maturity to 2028. The refinancing did not
meaningfully increase our overall borrowing cost and our debt remains approximately 93% fixed.
4
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
Overall, our financial position remains strong with $1.7 billion of liquidity, consisting of cash on hand of $588
million and availability on our revolving credit facility of $1.1 billion. We had no outstanding borrowings on
our revolver and net leverage was 4.5x at the end of the third quarter.
Finally, moving on to our outlook, for the full year 2023, we anticipate our PM/FM revenues to grow in the
low single digits. We expect Brokerage revenues for the full year 2023 to be down 20% to 25% compared
to our previous guidance of down 20%. Due to this reduced expectations for Brokerage revenues, we now
expect to be near the low end of our previous Adjusted EBITDA margin guidance range of 9% to 10% for
the full year 2023.
Looking ahead into next year, given the recent move higher in interest rates and continued uncertainty
around Fed actions, we expect that a market recovery in Brokerage may be delayed until the second half
of 2024.
Despite current market conditions, we believe the work we've done throughout 2023 on driving free cash
flow, achieving cost efficiencies, and strengthening our balance sheet, positions us extremely well
financially navigate the upcoming year.
That concludes the financial review, and now I'll turn the call back to Michelle.
Michelle MacKay
Thanks, Neil. I'm proud of what we've accomplished during the third quarter and the work we are doing to
position the Company for the future. We will continue to control what's within our reach with a focus on
creating flexibility and optionality in this next stage. I am confident that our go-forward strategy will position
the Company for long-term sustainable growth, and I look forward to sharing our progress with you each
quarter.
Now I'll turn the call over to the operator to take your questions. Operator?
Operator
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions).
Our first question today is from Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone
Great. Thank you. I guess my first question relates to the plan you outlined to find incremental cash to
reduce debt over the next few years. I'm wondering if you could expand on that a bit and just maybe put
some brackets around order of magnitude and what sort of assets do you see CWK having right now that
could be monetized. Are these businesses? Are there investments on the balance sheet that could be sold?
Just wondering if you can give a little more detail on all that.
Michelle MacKay
Sure. I think the best way to think about our long-term target for leverage is between the 2% to 3% range,
and we plan to get that through a combination of debt paydown and EBITDA growth. Our goal is to
demonstrate a balance between the two and the way that we're allocating capital. So we want to both be
reducing debt and investing in growth, right? This is not an either/or conversation. I think what's important
for everybody to understand is that we're committed to reducing our debt level over time as we grow the
business because we believe this is the optimum path to generating strong shareholder returns.
5
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023

In terms of monetization, I think before I talk about that, I just want to speak to the fact that monetization
can take place in a variety of forms. It's not always an all-out sale of a business or an entity. What I can say
about that is, because of the way the company was built through a series of mergers and acquisitions, there
are components that were brought into the entity that are not necessarily strategic or core. We're not going
to outline or speak what they are or to them directly today, but I can tell you that they are small in size and
they wouldn't necessarily meet the long-term growth profile of the Company.
Anthony Paolone
Okay. Thanks for that. Then just my second question is, Neil, I think you mentioned coming in at or a little
bit above $130 million cost-saving target for '23, and you felt like that is kind of where you'd end up and felt
good about that. But just wondering, if the business stays challenged into '24 or maybe goes longer before
we see much recovery, do you have other levers you could pull there? Are there other cost saves that could
be contemplated?
Neil Johnston
Tony, at this point, we feel like the $130 million that we're targeting is the appropriate level to not only
ensure our margins in this year, 2023, but also through 2024 in terms of what we are forecasting, and that
contemplates a marked recession. We are always focused on efficiencies, so there are always additional
levers that we can pull. We always are improving the operating ability of the business. I think the easiest
way to think about it is in that $130 million of savings, about 20% are temporary costs which we took out of
the business in 2023 – things like travel, marketing, those types of costs. If we did see the market continue
to run at the same sort of levels all the way through to next year, then obviously, we would hold back on
allowing any of those costs to come back into the business and then that cost savings on a permanent
basis would increase from about $130 million to about $160 million for the year.
Operator
The next question comes from Alex Kramm of UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm
Yes. Hey, good evening everyone. Maybe starting first on the PM/FM business, maybe it's a little nitty-gritty
here; I know you had the contract change, but if I look at your updated outlook, Neil, I don't think you
mentioned it, but I think the low single-digit expectation is a downgrade to your prior expectation from, I
think, low to mid. Just curious what else has changed in that business. Is churn increasing? Are the sales
cycles just longer? Maybe just talk about that business because it seems like you lowered expectations
there slightly.
Michelle MacKay
This is Michelle. I’m going to let Neil talk you through some of the numbers and then I’ll address our Services
strategy.
Neil Johnston
Sure. Hey, Alex, I think the best way to think about our Services business is really considering three different
things. As you say, the first one is the fact that we had that contract change. That takes the growth from
negative 1% to a positive 2%, which is in line with our low to mid but arguably at low end. The second thing
is, in the prior year, we saw very strong Services growth. In fact, that growth was double digit all the way
6
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
through the first three quarters of the year, so as we came into this year, we really would have slightly
tougher comps, and you're seeing that in the numbers that we showed in the third quarter.
Then finally, in Asia Pacific, it really was our Project Management business which was slightly lower than
expected. That business does tend to be fairly lumpy. We did see very strong activity a year ago. If one
looks on a year-to-date basis, APAC services was actually up around 6%, and so that sort of smoothed
some of the lumpiness.
Michelle MacKay
Mm-hmm. I want to make it clear that while there's a few unique items this quarter impacting the results,
we aren't satisfied with the low level of organic growth that we reported in our Services business. This
business is a big priority for us and a key area to invest in. There's a lot of opportunity for us to grow our
Services businesses organically and we will be focusing on driving accelerated growth in this business
specifically.
Alex Kramm
All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Then maybe secondarily, I don't know if this is a follow-up to an earlier question on 2024, but obviously,
you are looking for a second half recovery next year. But if we stay in this environment here—and I'm not
so much focused on expenses but more for the growth outlook—do you still think there's growth in the
business from these kind of levels? Again, you have a large portion are kind of like recurring businesses
and then I think, again, on the Sales side, Capital Markets side, were pretty soft already; hard to see it go
a lot lower. Then on the Leasing side, I think renewals are actually supposed to be down next year, but
maybe you're still getting market share. Maybe a little bit of an early question about 2024, but in an
unchanged environment do you actually think you can grow from here, or would there still be some
headwinds here?
Michelle MacKay
Okay. There's a couple of things to unpack, so let's just start with Leasing, and we'll give you our experience
here.
This year, we've got a couple of large leases this quarter for occupiers, but we're also seeing them holding
off on decision-making. How you can translate that is they're going to have to make a decision eventually.
Occupiers have taken a defensive posture this year because of higher cost of capital, right? And they've
been very careful with expenditures, which obviously impacts their decision-making, but it's really unusual
for Leasing to dip ahead of a downturn. Typically, Leasing moves in line with GDP and job growth—if that's
what you're getting at—but what we think is happening is perhaps some of the weakness that would have
been in 2024 is actually getting pulled forward this year. So we expect Leasing volume to hold through next
year and hopefully improve over time. But as you've said, if that were not to be the case, we're well prepared,
as Neil has spoken to, in both our cost structure and the fact that we have a Services business.
When you talk about Capital Markets, predicting the timing of cap mark, the rebound is really difficult, but
we know it's going to come. If you look behind on the surface, the preconditions that will lead to the recovery
are starting to form in here. Inflation is coming in, right? We've got the Fed this week. We think that there's
going to be a pause in there. We're starting to see some of the shoots around stressed and distressed asset
trading, valuations and other indicators in that sector.
Operator
7
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023

The next question comes from Michael Griffin of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Griffin
Great. Thanks. Maybe just piggybacking off of your previous response there, Michelle, on the PM/FM
business. You talked about organic growth initiatives you're going to undertake. Is there any chance you
can quantify some of those initiatives for us? Any color around that would be helpful.
Michelle MacKay
Yes. I mean I'm not going to quantify it for you today, but I will tell you that you're always going to see a
toggle between us deleveraging and investing for growth. Right? We're not just pushing on one pedal; we're
going to push on both pedals at the same time. Services, the duration, the nature of that particular business
for us is really valuable in relationship to our other business. And when you think of it in pockets, think about
GOS, think about asset, and think about CW Services, and those are going to be key areas that we target
for investment.
Michael Griffin
Got you. That's helpful. Then maybe just on the Capital Markets business, for the deals that are trading, I
mean, can you give us a sense of what's out there, what buyers are expecting, if anything, where buyers
and sellers are? Anything there would be helpful.
Michelle MacKay
I mean I think there's a lot of friction in the surface still with regard to clearing levels and trading. You clearly
have movement of cash flow flight to quality in the assets as well. 60% to 65% of the deals we actually see
getting done are still in industrial and multifamily and those are the two sectors that buyers, sellers and
lenders have the most confidence in. There's strong buildup in capital for opportunistic, right? There's a lot
of dry powder out there, and investors are also getting anxious to deploy it. We don't think it's a matter of is
it going to happen. Right? It's going to happen, but we probably have a couple more months before we
really start to see volume in terms of clearing in the stressed and distressed markets.
Operator
The next question is from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem
Yes, just two quick ones. One on the Capital Markets recovery, I think a lot of the peers have talked about
sort of a second half '24, which obviously is probably a year later than we all expected. How is that being
determined? Is it just sort of, “Hey, the macro is going to be better, so therefore, people have to transact”?
Or is there something more that we should be looking for, for those deals to unwind? I'm just trying to figure
out like how are we pinning down the dates for a recovery, or is it just based on the macro?
Michelle MacKay
Okay. Yes. I mean I think rate stabilization is the key. Right? That leads to cap rate stabilization, that leads
to stronger transaction activity. So I think when we're all taking a point of view that leans toward the second
half of next year, a lot of it has to do with what the curve looks like. Right? You want to have a normalized
curve. The real estate markets have functioned for 50 years, right, when the 10-year was above 5% and
8
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
functioned well, so we're waiting for the timing to happen so that we have a normalized curve and people
can start to transact around that versus waiting for when is the Fed going to come out next.
Ronald Kamdem
Got it. My next question, just going back to the cash flow statement, it looks like there was a lot of cash that
flowed through this quarter. Just any sort of one-timers and, as we're thinking about the back half of the
year, any other sort of one-off that we should think about as we're translating EBITDA to cash flow?
Neil Johnston
No, Ron. Generally, what we're seeing is, with the lower earnings, we're seeing the lower earnings being
offset by the release of working capital. Our teams in the field have done a phenomenal job really focused
on working capital and so we are seeing the benefits of that. We're also seeing lower cash taxes as a result
of the lower earnings. Those are sort of the items that are driving the free cash flow. There’s nothing specific
and one-time. We do think cash flow this year is going to be very strong.
Operator
(Operator instructions).
The next question comes from Stephen Sheldon of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Pat McIlwee
Hi Neil and Michelle. You’ve got Pat McIlwee on from William Blair.
My first question is, with U.S. office vacancy near 20% now, how much do occupancy trends in that space
impact the demand you see for outsourcing services in your PM/FM business? Has that been or would you
expect that to begin weighing more on growth in the business at all?
Michelle MacKay
Let me just come back to you with that question. Do you mean the vacancy in office buildings impacting
our Services business?
Pat McIlwee
Correct. Yes, demand for the outsourcing services.
Michelle MacKay
Yes. I think the way that we're thinking about it now is that we think we're nearing the end of the remote
work impact, so we've seen a lot of it happen already, right? Something to keep in mind is that the average
lease in the U.S. is about six or seven years long, and most businesses have already made their decisions
on space. So either they signed a new lease, likely for less space, or they're still in their existing space or
they listed their space to sublease. So a lot of this has already played through the system. We did have
some impact over the course of 2023 in the office portfolios that we manage, but I wouldn't anticipate a
material change in that over 2024.
Pat McIlwee
9
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
Understood. Thanks. Then just as a follow-up, a little bit further on the cost-saving initiatives. We've heard
peers say that they're looking a bit more at producer head count given the longer expected downturn. I'm
just curious if or how your strategy has changed on that front in terms of maintaining capacity for recovery
versus supporting margins until we do see that recovery.
Neil Johnston
I think we've always been very focused on the return of any investment we're making in producers. And so
I think we've been very prudent with our capital allocation. We feel good about the investment we're making
in growing in our recruiting and our retention and I don't see that changing as we move forward either in
either direction. We feel very good about our production capacity and how that sets us up for any potential
recovery in 2024.
Michelle MacKay
Yes. Just to give you a little bit of our philosophy around it, we look at talent much like we look at our
portfolio of businesses. Right? And like in any business, we question is that team or individual focused on
what we consider core strategy, an area that we're really focused on? Do the economics of that make
sense, right? What do we want in new talent that we're bringing in? And so we're always paring and pruning
our talent so that we have advisers in the shop that really drive the future of the company. So I think that
when you think about it, movement for us, meaning people leaving and people coming in, is going to be a
normal course of business at Cushman.
Operator
The next question is from Patrick O’Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy
Hey, good evening. What would the implications of a potential WeWork bankruptcy be on your strategic
relationship with WeWork? Are there any tangible risks to any revenue streams?
Neil Johnston
There are not. The investment as a whole, we've already taken the mark-to-market there. Then in terms of
our relationship with them, we do do a lot of work for them, but it's not material to the overall company. So
I would anticipate that if there was a bankruptcy, many of those spaces still need to get serviced, still need
to get managed, still need to get cleaned. It's an essential service, so we don't see it as a material impact
to the Company.
Patrick O’Shaughnessy
Great. Thank you. Can we get your updated thoughts on Greystone? In particular, do you consider
Graystone to be a core asset and a core part of your strategy? Or would they maybe fit into the noncore
bucket?
Neil Johnston
We view our investment in Greystone for he long term. We remain very constructive on the multifamily
platform, and we believe the underlying long-term fundamentals in their business are strong. While we did
see a decline in Greystone primarily due to a reduction in lending volumes, we're actually quite pleased in
the quarter on a relative basis in terms of our performance. We took share in all three of the agencies. We
10
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

Cushman & Wakefield – Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, October 30, 2023
remain the number one FHA partner or lender. We're number two with Fannie, number five with Freddie.
So we continue to take share and view that as very strategic as we move forward.
Operator
This concludes our question-and-answer session and the conference has also now concluded. Thank you
for participating in today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

11
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.
1-888-562-0262 1-604-929-1352 www.viavid.com

