Cushman & Wakefield 

 
First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call 

 
May 4, 2023 

 

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

  
C O R P O R A T E   P A R T I C I P A N T S 
 
 
Megan McGrath, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 
 
John Forrester, Chief Executive Officer 
 
Neil Johnston, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Michelle MacKay, President and Chief Operating Officer, incoming Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
C O N F E R E N C E   C A L L   P A R T I C I P A N T S 
 
 
Anthony Paolone, JPMorgan 
 
Matt Filek, William Blair 
 
Ronald Kamdem, Morgan Stanley 
 
Michael Griffin, Citi 
 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy, Raymond James 
 
 
  
P R E S E N T A T I O N 
 
Operator 
 
Good afternoon and welcome to Cushman & Wakefield's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  
 
(Operator instructions). 
 
Please note, this event is being recorded.  
 
I would now like to run the conference over to Megan McGrath, Head of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Megan McGrath 
 
Thank you and welcome to Cushman & Wakefield's First Quarter 2023 earnings conference call.  
 
Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the period. This release along 
with today’s presentation can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.cushmanwakefield.com. 
 

1 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 Please turn to the page labeled, “Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements.” Today’s presentation 
contains forward-looking statements based on our current forecast and estimates of future events. These 
statements should be considered estimates only, and actual results may differ materially.  
 
During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, as outlined by SEC guidelines. 
Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures, definitions of non-GAAP financial measures and 
other related information are found within the financial tables of our earnings release and the appendix of 
today’s presentation.  
 
Also, please note that throughout the presentation comparisons and growth rates are to the comparable 
periods of 2022 and in local currency unless otherwise stated. 
 
For those of you following along with our presentation, we will begin on Page 4. 
 
With that, I’d like to turn the call over to our CEO, John Forrester. 
 
John Forrester 
 
Thanks, Megan, and thank you to everybody joining our call.  
 
First, I want to thank all our employees around the world that continue to deliver outstanding service and 
value to our clients through such fluid times. The first quarter, as anticipated, experienced similar trends to 
the fourth quarter of 2022, with significantly lower transactional activity versus the prior year, but continued 
strength in our PM/FM business. Fee Revenue of $1.5 billion and Adjusted EBITDA of $61 million reflect 
the quarter’s muted high-margin transactional activity, which we believe is currently sitting at or near trough 
levels.  
 
The current macro environment remains complex with elevated inflation and interest rates, as well as recent 
banking stress, all contributing in effect to recessionary conditions in commercial real estate. We expect 
the near-term outlook to remain challenging. However, an increasingly complicated economic and real 
estate environment is resulting in an ongoing flight to quality, and we believe that diversified global service 
providers of true scale like Cushman & Wakefield are best positioned to successfully navigate through 
economic cycles for both clients and talent.   
 
Turning to Capital Markets, capital continues to remain on the sidelines, as banking industry volatility at the 
end of the quarter increased overall market uncertainty and further tightened lending standards. However, 
whilst in this constrained environment, we are observing meaningful appetite from our clients to deploy 
capital when market conditions improve and are meeting regularly with them to review portfolios, discuss 
financing options and help strategically plan for the recovery. To reiterate, it is a matter of when, not if, deal 
volumes return, and we are allocating our resources to areas where deals are happening and finding new 
areas of opportunity, such as our recently created asset optimization practice focused on delivering 
investors an integrated, tailored and strategic solution across underperforming assets. 
 
On the leasing side, consistent with our expectations, total office leasing activity in the U.S. trended lower 
sequentially and year-over-year in the first quarter. Occupiers have grown increasingly cautious in their 
leasing decisions and are looking for cost-cutting opportunities as the odds of a recession remain elevated 
and as hybrid work strategies continue to filter through. Although we expect these headwinds to continue 
in the near term, we also think it’s important to note that the impact of more aggressive hybrid work models 
started nearly three years ago, and as of today, there is still some 10.5 billion square feet of occupied office 
space globally. This supports our view that although the office sector faces challenges, it will remain a 
preeminent asset class into the future. It is critical to company functionality and its sheer size will continue 

2 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 to create opportunities for our firm to execute on transactions and advise our clients through the ongoing 
evolution. Notwithstanding this, other large asset classes will provide both growth and greater resilience.    
 
In the industrial leasing sector, industry fundamentals are strong with vacancies remaining near all-time 
lows and well below historical averages. The industrial sector, like office, continues to see a flight to quality. 
During the first quarter, U.S. industrial tenants executed nearly 60 million square feet of deals in facilities 
built since 2020, representing just under half of the total. Net absorption in Q1 did slow relative to the 
outsized growth experienced over the previous two years, and although some moderation is expected, we 
anticipate the industrial sector to remain healthy, supported by long-term secular growth trends such as 
eCommerce and consumer spending. 
 
Looking ahead, we continue to look for green shoots in both interest rate clarity and the macroeconomic 
environment, but at this point, we are not anticipating anything material this year. Regardless of the ultimate 
inflection point, the medium and long-term market opportunity for our business is substantial and we are 
positioning ourselves to achieve incremental market share gains when transactional activity resumes.    
 
Moving on to our Property, Facilities and Project Management business, this continues to perform well and 
demonstrate its resiliency in the current environment, most notably in Facilities and Project Management 
which both achieved double digit growth in the quarter. Our PM/FM business has benefited both from the 
build-out of our global outsourcing capabilities to take share in this fragmented market as well as our 
diversification into asset classes such as multifamily in Property Management and life sciences in Project 
Management. Our new business pipeline remains strong, highlighting the long-term positive secular growth 
trends in this business, even during a challenging time in the transactional markets.  
 
In summary, there is no doubt that this is a challenging operating environment for all participants in 
commercial real estate. However, our global capabilities, deep expertise and operational efficiency will 
continue to steer us through the near-term headwinds and, more importantly, allow us to emerge with 
strength and improved market positioning. 
 
Now I’d like to turn the call over to Neil to discuss in more detail our financial performance. Neil? 
 
Neil Johnston 
 
Thank you John, and good afternoon everyone. 
 
For the first quarter, Fee Revenue of $1.5 billion declined 10% versus prior year, Adjusted EBITDA of $61 
million, down 71% versus a record First Quarter 2022. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was a 
loss of $0.04, a decrease of $0.52 versus prior year.   
 
Our revenue performance in the first quarter reflected continued weakness in Capital Markets, which were 
down 50%, similar to the decline experienced in the fourth quarter of 2022. Leasing revenue declined 19% 
vs. the prior year. This decline was against a strong first quarter of 2022, when leasing revenue was up 
58% versus First Quarter 2021. Office leasing activity declined as occupiers continued to delay decision 
making and reduce CapEx spend.  
 
The industrial sector performed relatively well but was lower against a challenging prior year comparison.   
 
Performance in our PM/FM service offering was strong with PM/FM in total up 8%, especially in our Facilities 
Management and Project Management businesses.   
 
Valuation and Other declined 12% in the quarter as the slowdown in transactions resulted in lower valuation 
activity. 

3 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

  
The decline in Adjusted EBITDA was principally driven by three main components. First, the most significant 
component was the decline in high margin transactional brokerage business, as well our Greystone Joint 
Venture which experienced lower multifamily lending volumes.  Second, the operating expenses in the 
quarter were higher year-over-year, due to inflation and prior year investment wrap, from the high growth 
environment of early 2022. We are focused on our cost initiatives and as we move through the balance of 
the year we expect these inflation and investment impacts to moderate and to be fully offset by our cost 
actions.  
 
Lastly, we experienced roughly $10 million in discrete headwinds in the quarter, primarily from the non-
recurrence of government subsidies in our APAC business versus the prior year, as well as foreign currency 
headwinds.  
 
In terms of our cost savings plans, we achieved approximately $21 million of cost savings in the first quarter 
and are currently on track to achieve the full $90 million cost saving target in 2023. Given the current 
environment, we are further tightening our spending on discretionary costs and are actioning additional 
items that will allow us to operate more efficiently.  
 
Turning to our segment results for the quarter, in the Americas we experienced declines in Brokerage 
across all asset types due to the higher interest rate environment and macroeconomic headwinds. These 
declines were most prominent in the office sector. Declines in Brokerage were partially offset by continued 
resiliency in PM/FM, most notably in Facilities and Project Management. The Adjusted EBITDA decline was 
principally driven by the lower Brokerage activity, lower contribution from Greystone and the impact of prior 
year cost inflation and investment in the business. 
 
EMEA and APAC both saw similar declines in Brokerage as the Americas, while our PM/FM business in 
the APAC segment continued to perform well, specifically in Facilities and Project Management. The lower 
fee revenue in Brokerage in each segment was the primary driver of the declines in Adjusted EBITDA. 
Additionally in APAC, the non-recurrence of government subsidies received in the prior year also 
contributed to the year-over-year decline. 
  
Moving to our balance sheet and cash flow, we ended the first quarter with an operating cash outflow of 
$222 million. This level is in line with historical first quarter working capital trends and reflects typical 
seasonal patterns in our business. Given this seasonality, our full year cash flow performance will depend 
highly on the size and timing of any market recovery in the latter half of the year. As a part of our efforts to 
improve efficiency and performance, our teams are focused on driving cash flow improvements through 
disciplined working capital management.  
 
From a capital allocation standpoint, we are currently prioritizing spend in three areas: cash to achieve our 
cost takeout targets, focused talent acquisition in high-growth markets and high-growth sectors, and 
investment in our services businesses where we continue to see significant long-term market opportunity.  
 
Overall, our financial position remains strong with $1.6 billion of liquidity, consisting of cash on hand of $460 
million and availability on our revolving credit facility of $1.1 billion. We had no outstanding borrowings on 
our revolver and net leverage was 3.7x at the end of the first quarter. Our debt maturities are long-dated 
and our debt profile is more than 70% fixed on a net basis.  
 
Finally, moving to our outlook, the macroeconomic environment remains highly uncertain. Market 
participants continue to await further clarity on both interest rates and the economic outlook, challenging 
both Leasing and Capital Markets activity. Given these factors, we anticipate the following:  
 

4 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 Our recurring revenue PM/FM business is expected to provide continued stability in this environment, 
generating low to mid-single digit revenue growth in 2023. Although first quarter results came in above this 
expectation, the growth rate of existing business will naturally normalize as we lap the larger new business 
wins of the prior year. In addition, beginning in the second quarter this year, a change in the gross contract 
reimbursables of one of our facilities services contracts will result in lower fee revenue of about $90 million 
on an annualized basis with no impact on total revenue or Adjusted EBITDA.  
 
In Brokerage, consistent with our previous comments, we expect trends in the second quarter of 2023 to 
resemble the previous two quarters as we have seen no material shift in the markets. Although we expect 
Brokerage to remain under pressure in 2023, we are maintaining a strong position to benefit from a market 
recovery in 2024.   
 
As a result of these expectations, we expect full year Adjusted EBITDA margins to be in the range of 9% 
to 10%, which incorporates our view of a mild recession in 2023, with no significant recovery in Brokerage 
this year. As macroeconomic trends improve and the Brokerage business experiences a more meaningful 
recovery, we expect to see our full year margins trend back upwards, both through revenue growth and 
cost efficiencies. 
 
We now anticipate an adjusted effective tax rate of 28% for the year. 
 
That concludes the financial review, with that, I’ll turn the call back to John. 
 
John Forrester 
 
Thanks Neil.  
 
You’ve likely seen the announcement we made this evening about my decision to retire from Cushman & 
Wakefield after over 35 years at the Company. It’s been a true honor to lead the business and I’m incredibly 
proud of what we’ve all built and accomplished together. This really is a special place with so many of the 
most talented people in our industry, and I’ve thoroughly enjoyed working with all these special people, 
both as colleagues and as friends.  
 
But over the past months as myself and the management team have contemplated the Company’s next 
stage evolution and growth strategy, it became clear to me that the person making the decisions in the CEO 
seat today must be the person guiding and accountable for those strategies far into the future. And as I 
think about Cushman & Wakefield’s bright future, I could not be leaving the Company in better hands than 
with Michele MacKay as CEO.  
 
Michelle and I have worked together since our IPO in 2018 when she became a board member, more 
closely over recent years as Michelle agreed to become our Chief Operating Officer. I am confident that 
her long experience in commercial real estate and her commitment to the values and unique culture of 
Cushman & Wakefield will shepherd the Company forward, drive continued growth and shareholder value 
at the Company. 
 
Now I’ll turn over to Michelle. 
 
Michelle MacKay 
 
Thank you. And John, I want to be the first person to personally thank you for your leadership and 
collaboration over the past several years. The impact that you’ve made on the business is large, but the 
impact that you’ve made on the careers and lives of an untold number of people will inevitably be part of 
your legacy.  

5 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

  
I’m excited to take on the role of CEO of Cushman & Wakefield in July. So, let’s talk about the future. 
 
I don’t require time to integrate into Cushman & Wakefield. As you probably know, I joined the Board about 
five years ago, right after the Company went public, and have been inside the Company for more than three 
years. I have the great fortune of stepping onto the foundation that many dedicated and talented people 
have built. The foundation is strong and will allow me the ability to reassess and reconfirm what is the core 
business, ensuring that we’re spending our time, our money and our energy where it makes sense today, 
and more importantly, for the future. 
 
This assessment will of course lead to an evaluation of our growth model for the future and aligning our 
capital allocation model and balance sheet accordingly. I expect a continued focus on the high growth and 
resilient services business as part of this plan with Brokerage as a key driver.  
 
I look forward to speaking with all of you as we map out the future of Cushman & Wakefield.  
 
Now, I’ll turn the call back to the operator and we’ll be happy to take your questions.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
(Operator instructions). 
 
Your first question comes from Anthony Paolone from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
 
Anthony Paolone 
 
Thank you. First, best wishes John and congratulations Michelle. My first question though is going to be a 
bit more mundane. I want to ask a bit about expenses. 
 
Neil, the $90 million that you all are targeting, I think you mentioned actioning some additional items as 
well. Is that part of the 90, or is there more coming beyond that? I guess I was a little confused by your 
comment. 
 
Neil Johnston 
 
Sure, Tony. Our guidance assumes the full $90 million takeout in the guidance we are providing. We are 
currently evaluating additional cost measures. At this point I can’t quantify them so the guidance does not 
contemplate any additional cost measures. Given we are already half-way through the year, the impact on 
in-year will be fairly muted, but certainly, we’ll provide run rate savings and efficiency as we move into next 
year.  
 
Anthony Paolone 
 
Okay. Then in the margin guidance that you provided, it sounds like the $90 million is in there. But can you 
maybe just talk to—I don’t know that you gave a guidance number for margins last quarter. I can’t recall. 
What’s kind of really changed in terms of your thinking and to get to that 9% to 10% margin? I know the 
Brokerage business is more difficult right now, but just what else maybe changed in the calculus there? 
 
Neil Johnston 
 

6 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 I think Tony our guidance is very consistent with what we gave last quarter. The only change is we believe 
that the recovery in Brokerage will be slightly delayed, probably delayed by about a quarter. So in our 
guidance we are not assuming a meaningful recovery in Brokerage through the year. Naturally we do have 
easier comps as we move into especially the fourth quarter, so the year-over-year declines will be a lot 
better. But as we look at the second quarter, we’re sort of assuming that Brokerage will be at a similar level 
to the first quarter.  
 
Anthony Paolone 
 
Okay. Then just last one. Any comments you could provide on just thinking about CapEx for the year? Any 
thoughts on free cash flow conversion or any thing we should be thinking about there as we think about 
EBITDA flowing down? 
 
Neil Johnston 
 
No. Our free cash flow that we saw in the first quarter was very consistent with normal seasonality in the 
business. As you well know, as we move through the year certainly the cash outflow improves dramatically 
through the back half of the year. We are still—we still maintain our target of a free cash flow conversion of 
20% to 30%, but naturally with Brokerage staying muted through the year we do not expect to see that this 
year. We’ll see that in the medium term, certainly as we see Brokerage recover through the back half of the 
year. A lot will depend on how quickly Brokerage recovers, but generally the trends we expect are very 
consistent with what we’ve seen historically. 
 
Anthony Paolone 
 
Okay. Thank you.  
 
Neil Johnston 
 
Thanks, Tony.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you. Your next question comes from Stephen Sheldon from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
 
Matt Filek 
 
Hey everyone. You have Matt Filek on for Stephen Sheldon. Thank you for taking my questions.  
 
To start here, in the event the return to office movement starts to lose some traction, do you see that 
dampening demand for things like janitorial services and the PFM segment overall?  
 
John Forrester 
 
Thanks for the question. It’s a very good question. Ultimately, we believe at the moment in our forward 
forecast that pretty strong recessionary decision-making by clients out there is driving the main performance 
in offices in particular, and so the hybrid and return to work trends that we’ve seen are to an extent priced 
in to the market as we see it. 
 
The additional services other than Brokerage, such as Project Management, Facilities Management and 
Services, of course go along with volume. But again, what I would say is that the office market is a massive 

7 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 sector. I think the relative size of that sector versus others is misplaced as we talk about the headwinds 
sitting within office. 
 
We are seeing very strong growth in our outsourcing business at this point. That growth, a lot of it comes 
from winning new office contracts. So, I still see Cushman & Wakefield and companies like Cushman & 
Wakefield actually growing office exposure year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter going forwards. Even with the 
margins, any individual occupier might be just pulling a little bit back on their reins of how much space they 
have within their portfolio. That rationalization is ongoing and has been now for, as I said in the prepared 
remarks, maybe three years.  
 
Matt Filek 
 
Got it. That’s helpful color. Thank you. 
 
Then somewhat as a follow-up on office leasing, are you still seeing that flight to quality narrative hold up 
where tenants are looking to lease higher quality office space to encourage their employees to come back 
in, or are tenants starting to shift their focus to reducing cost given the challenging macro environment that 
persists? 
 
John Forrester 
 
Both of your questions or observations there are actually both accurate, because what we are seeing is 
that those deals that are happening, particularly in gateway cities around the world where are with very 
large market shares, the deals we’re seeing are in Class A best-in-class ESG qualified space. Then what 
you see is ultimately then the rest of the market where we’re not as exposed having tougher times.  
 
I think both of those components within your questions/observations are fair at this point. 
 
Matt Filek 
 
Great. Thanks. That’s it for me. I’ll jump back in the queue.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you.  
 
(Operator instructions) 
 
Your next question comes from Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
 
Ronald Kamdem 
 
Great. Congrats John and Michelle. Just a quick one on the EBITDA guidance, which I think you sort of 
quantified this quarter. 
 
Clearly there is—if you did sort of 4% in 1Q, just trying to get a little bit more color of what assumptions are 
going into it to get to that 9% to 10% by the end of the year. I understand Brokerage is staying pretty 
depressed, but what are some of the other pieces to get you to that 9%, the 9% to 10% for the full year. 
Thanks.  
 
Neil Johnston 
 

8 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 Sure, Ronald. As we look at—as you know in the business, it’s very seasonal. The first quarter is by far our 
smallest quarter, so just the base revenue in the first quarter is a lot less than the rest of the year, and so 
as we contemplate the year, we feel pretty good about getting to that 9% to 10% margin. You will naturally 
see the margin improve as the base of business, the natural business in the quarter increases all the way 
through to fourth quarter where we always see our highest margins and the most revenue. 
 
The only difference this year, I think, is that we will have more of our earnings in the back half of the year 
than the front of the year, certainly than last year where we had record growth in the first half of the year. 
So, slightly different, but pretty consistent with historical trends in the industry. 
 
John Forrester 
 
Just to reiterate one point, ultimately, whilst the revenue grows quarter-on-quarter through the year, actually 
proportionately a lot of the cost shows up in Q1, and that’s why margins will always be more muted at this 
point and we’re confident that they will grow as the year moves through. 
 
Ronald Kamdem 
 
Great. Then my second question, obviously going to the capital statement, fully appreciate the seasonality 
in 1Q of course, but maybe some comments on what that EBITDA-to-cash conversion looks like as you’re 
going through the year would be helpful. Thanks. 
 
Neil Johnston 
 
Sure. With the cash outflow in the first half of the year, it’s very difficult to calculate what a cash conversion 
ratio is. I will tell you we highly focused on free cash flow. We were very pleased in the first quarter of all 
the work we are doing around working capital. We saw a nice improvement in our receivables. That, of 
course, is muted by the decline at Brokerage, but certainly seeing some good trends there in our working 
capital. 
 
As we move through the year, again, the cash as I mentioned earlier, the cash flow conversion will not be 
in that 20% to 30% range, but certainly in the medium run as Brokerage comes back that’s where we expect 
to be.  
 
Ronald Kamdem 
 
Excellent. That’s it for me. Thanks so much.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you.  
 
(Operator instructions). 
 
Your next question comes from Michael Griffin from Citi. Please go ahead.  
 
Michael Griffin 
 
Great, thanks. Congrats again John. Pleasure working with you, and Michelle, congrats to you as well.  
 
Maybe piggybacking on Ron’s question there, just on more of a leverage question, I’m curious if you do 
annualize that run rate, you get to a pretty elevated leverage level. You talk about seasonality in the back 

9 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 half of the year. That makes pretty good sense. If I’m putting a number around it, right, so it’s 3.7 the last 
12 months, what do you think that number is a good run rate for going forward? Any commentary around 
that? 
 
Neil Johnston 
 
Sure. With the lower EBITDA we expect leverage to be in the low 4s by the end of the year, probably in 
that 4.1 to 4.2 range, but the net will then once again come down as EBITDA grows and as Brokerage 
comes back.  
 
We feel pretty comfortable. Clearly leverage is higher than we would like it to be. Our goal is always to be 
in that 2x to 3x, but naturally as we move through the cycle we’ll see that leverage go up. 
 
But, feel very good. Feel certainly good about our maturities. As you know, we amended and extended a 
billion dollars of our Term Loan B which we pushed out to 2030, so feel good about our maturities, and feel 
very good about our liquidity.  
 
While leverage is a little higher than we would like, feel like the balance sheet is in very good shape.  
 
Michael Griffin 
 
Hey Neil, just a reminder on that debt. It was SOFR plus 375, right?  
 
Neil Johnston 
 
No, SOFR plus 325.  
 
Michael Griffin 
 
Got you. Okay. That’s helpful. 
 
Then maybe just one on the transition. It looks like John will stay on as CEO until the end of June, and then 
advisor until the end of the year. I’m curious, John, or maybe Michelle, if you can add any comments around 
talks of the Board’s discussion. Obviously, Michelle, in your prepared remarks you said let’s talk about the 
future, so it seems like you’re very here, but I’m just curious if there were any conversations about strategic 
alternatives, kind of stuff like that, and how this came to be the right resolution for shareholders. 
 
Michelle MacKay 
 
It’s Michelle. I will answer. Thank you for your question.  
 
I think as John said, in the conversations that we’ve been having about the future of the Company, we 
realized that we probably needed the pull the discussion forward a little bit faster than we initially anticipated, 
and I can’t share any specific thoughts with you today, but we’re going to be focused on mapping out the 
next 10 years of the Company and that’s the goal. 
 
Michael Griffin 
 
Great. Then just a clarification for John. When you took over at the beginning of 2022, I think from the 
gentleman who is the current chairman, was the plan always more of a interim concept? I mean you’ve 
been there for 35 years; that’s a fantastic career, but was it always kind of your thought that you weren’t 
going to be in the role for five or 10 years? 

10 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

  
John Forrester 
 
I’ve always—I’ve been very consistent in discussing this with anybody who was prepared to listen to me, 
but ultimately, leaders who take big decisions need to be around to see those decisions out and be 
accountable for them, but also pretty contemporary leadership is important in a fast-moving market in a 
very dynamic industry such as the real estate services industry. That really just gives color to the fact that 
the organization is very diligent and serious about its succession planning.  
 
Since we went public and Michelle joined our Board, this day to day was always going to occur at some 
point. I’d just reiterate what Michelle said. The timing is really based on the fact that we’ve done already the 
majority of work that was required to push this company through in a very solid, positive sense the recession 
that we are in as an industry, and that actually decisions now are about future direction and growth of the 
Company. To an extent, it’s a very—we believe this is a great industry to be in. The secular growth trends 
that we see, our ability to ride many of those trends and grow accordingly means that Michelle is taking 
over at a time where that forward focus is very important in how we operate as a company.  
 
Michael Griffin 
 
Great. That’s it for me. Congrats to you both. 
 
Michelle MacKay 
 
Thank you.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you. Your next question comes from Patrick O’Shaughnessy from Raymond James. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy 
 
Good evening. Can you provide an update on the status of your partnership with WeWork? Obviously, it’s 
no mystery that WeWork has been struggling, so kind of curious about how the effort is going of you 
partnering with them? 
 
John Forrester 
 
Hi. This is John. I’ll take that. 
 
There’s a slight disconnect actually as to how we work with WeWork and the issues that you mentioned 
there. Actually, our relationship with WeWork has been highly positive. Really focused into the two strategic 
areas that we made our investment on. One was partnering with WeWork in major client pursuit. That is 
ongoing and has been successful and we believe will continue to be successful. Secondly, where we have 
come a key supplier and therefore client of WeWork in helping them with running the real estate services 
within their portfolio. So, those two aspects are ongoing, remain healthy and that’s how we think about our 
relationship with them.  
 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy 
 
Great. Appreciate that.  
 

11 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 Can you provide your outlook for the Greystone Joint Venture over the remainder of the year? Would you 
expect that to roughly track the rest of your brokerage business, or would you expect multifamily to maybe 
rebound a little bit more robustly? 
 
John Forrester 
 
We certainly do expect sectors like multifamily, like industrial, to rebound faster to see growth and 
improvement more quickly than certain other sectors, that’s for sure.  
 
Again, I’d focus for us more on the strategic proposition that the joint venture we have with them itself is 
becoming more fundamentally important and valuable to our company every day. The joint mandates that 
we are working on, the market share gains that we are making are actually—irrespective of a very short-
term, one quarter snapshot make us feel very good about the incremental value and performance that this 
relationship adds going forwards quarter-by-quarter this year and into the future.  
 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy 
 
Great. Thank you. Then maybe one last one, if I could. How is the environment in terms of attracting and 
retaining brokerage talent? In a backdrop where it looks like things are going to be lean for an extended 
period of time, how does that impact what that environment looks like? 
 
John Forrester 
 
Again, this is John. The market for high talent doesn’t actually correlate to the ebb and flow of, say, 
Brokerage revenues, or any service line revenue. Great people are always in demand and in particular 
those that are in areas where potentially our industry sees a faster rebound or higher growth prospects in 
the future. 
 
Every day, the leaders across our organization come into the office—very important note—in the office and 
they are thinking about both the retention and the recruitment of high talent. That’s no different today than 
it was 12 months ago, 24 months ago.  
 
One thing we are seeing though is that the overall inflation being driven through in our non-revenue phase 
of the business is becoming more muted and far more manageable than it was, say, in Q1 last year. So, 
we are seeing some benefits of the slowdown in the overall labor markets and reduced attrition as well as 
lower inflation there.  
 
Patrick O’Shaughnessy 
 
Great. Thank you very much.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you.  
 
(Operator instructions). 
 
As there are no further questions at this time, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would 
now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. John Forrester for any closing remarks. 
 
John Forrester 
 

12 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com  

 



 

Cushman & Wakefield – First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, May 4, 2023 

 Thank you all for joining us today. Michelle, Neil and the rest of the team look forward to speaking with you 
again at our second quarter earnings call.  
 
Operator 
 
Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may 
now disconnect.  

13 
ViaVid has made considerable efforts to provide an accurate transcription. There may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of the substance of the conference call. This transcript is being made available for information purposes only.  
1-888-562-0262  1-604-929-1352  www.viavid.com